sim_seconds                                  1.052970                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1052969795000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4860473667500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2064335                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2264329                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1839393607                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2672516                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   572.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1181738630                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1296225850                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.voltage_domain.voltage               1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.clk_domain.clock                   500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::total            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::total            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::total            1                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::total            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       476928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       514816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total          1003520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::total         8960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::writebacks       815104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total        815104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1863                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         2011                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total              3920                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::writebacks         3184                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total             3184                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         2917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       452936                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.itb.walker          243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         4133                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       488918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         1216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst          243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total              953038                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2917                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4133                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         1216                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          243                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::total           8509                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::writebacks        774100                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total             774100                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::writebacks        774100                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         2917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       452936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.itb.walker          243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         4133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       488918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         1216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst          243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total            1727138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                      3920                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                     3184                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                   31360                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                  25472                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM              1003296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                   224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten                814848                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys               1003520                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys             815104                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                    7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          193                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0            3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1            3912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2            3888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3            3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4            3944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5            3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6            3873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7            3952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0            3185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1            3176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2            3176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3            3168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4            3160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5            3208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6            3208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7            3183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                1053107984000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5               31360                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5              25472                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0                  3920                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1                  3919                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2                  3919                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3                  3919                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4                  3919                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5                  3919                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6                  3919                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7                  3919                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                 1062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                 1075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                 1074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                 1075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                 1075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                 1075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                 1075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                 1075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                 1066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::samples         8216                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.293087                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::gmean   190.489052                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.182487                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1054     12.83%     12.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::64-95           40      0.49%     13.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::96-127           16      0.19%     13.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::128-159            8      0.10%     13.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::160-191           21      0.26%     13.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::192-223           45      0.55%     14.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1028     12.51%     26.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6004     73.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::total         8216                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1052                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::mean    29.788023                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    28.454780                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.652661                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             6      0.57%      0.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           51      4.85%      5.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          520     49.43%     54.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          268     25.48%     80.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          122     11.60%     91.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           56      5.32%     97.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           12      1.14%     98.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            9      0.86%     99.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            6      0.57%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.10%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::total         1052                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1052                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.205323                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.177859                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.265682                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::24           1025     97.43%     97.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::32             27      2.57%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::total         1052                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  863166889                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat            1394600239                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                100329600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                   27530.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat              44480.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                       0.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       0.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                    0.95                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    0.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                    31.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits                  27402                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                 21199                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate               87.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate              83.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                148241551.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                  85.53                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::IDLE 959589904065                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::REF   92521859400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT     858083042                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::0          2838931.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::1          2810505.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::2          2865542.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::3               2912112                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::0               1915152                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::1               1895976                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::2               1933104                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::3               1964520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::0         9321062.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::1         9117388.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::2         9125875.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::3         9381964.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::0        5876167.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::1        5825986.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::2        5908930.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::3        6025052.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::0      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::1      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::2      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::3      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::0      9428896880.639999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::1      9429627064.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::2      9431854004.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::3      9431419034.880001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::0      104451009504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::1      104450368992                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::2      104448415536                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::3      104448797088.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::0        146265189753.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::1        146264977968.960022                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::2        146265435048                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::3        146265831827.520020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::0          77.854488                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::1          77.854375                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::2          77.854619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::3          77.854830                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         5888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       480256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         6400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       515328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total          1016064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         5888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::total        16640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::writebacks       821248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total        821248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1876                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         2013                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total              3969                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::writebacks         3208                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total             3208                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         5592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       456097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1945                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         6078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       489404                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         1702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         2431                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total              964951                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         5592                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6078                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         1702                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2431                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::total          15803                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::writebacks        779935                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total             779935                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::writebacks        779935                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         5592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       456097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1945                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         6078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       489404                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         1702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         2431                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total            1744886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                      3969                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                     3208                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                   31752                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                  25664                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM              1015584                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                   480                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                821760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys               1016064                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys             821248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                   15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          332                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1            3904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3            4016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4            4008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5            3960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6            3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7            4049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0            3248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1            3151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2            3152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3            3208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4            3200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5            3249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6            3200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7            3272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                1052971103000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5               31752                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5              25664                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0                  3967                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1                  3966                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2                  3966                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3                  3966                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4                  3966                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5                  3967                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6                  3967                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7                  3967                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                 1057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                 1057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                 1057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                 1057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                 1057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                 1071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                 1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                 1085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                 1085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                 1085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                 1085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                 1085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                 1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                 1071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                    8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::samples         8266                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::mean   222.277280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::gmean   192.157513                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.249602                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1031     12.47%     12.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::64-95           27      0.33%     12.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::96-127           23      0.28%     13.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::128-159           16      0.19%     13.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::160-191           23      0.28%     13.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::192-223           32      0.39%     13.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1020     12.34%     26.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6094     73.72%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::total         8266                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1059                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::mean    29.968839                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    28.579597                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.710360                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             5      0.47%      0.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           70      6.61%      7.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          483     45.61%     52.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          272     25.68%     78.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          136     12.84%     91.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           66      6.23%     97.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           15      1.42%     98.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            8      0.76%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            3      0.28%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::total         1059                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1059                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.249292                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.214301                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.423602                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.09%      0.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.09%      0.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::24           1023     96.60%     96.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::32             34      3.21%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::total         1059                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  876578726                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat            1414520876                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                101558400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                   27620.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat              44570.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                       0.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       0.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                    0.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    0.78                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                    31.24                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits                  27733                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                 21418                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate              83.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                146714658.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                  85.63                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::IDLE 959567325082                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::REF   92521859400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT     880662025                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::0               2842560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::1               2845584                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::2               2924208                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::3          2952028.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::0               1917600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::1               1919640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::2               1972680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::3          1991448.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::0              9369984                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::1         9409420.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::2         9425395.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::3         9570163.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::0        5938790.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::1        5835939.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::2        6042055.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::3        6044958.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::0      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::1      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::2      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::3      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::0      9430726936.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::1      9431310853.439999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::2      9432899812.799999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::3      9432550808.639999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::0      104449404192                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::1      104448891984                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::2      104447498160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::3      104447804304                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::0        146265532118.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::1        146265545477.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::2        146266094367.360016                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::3        146266245767.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::0          77.854670                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::1          77.854677                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::2          77.854969                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::3          77.855050                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       475648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       516864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::total          1007104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::total        13568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::writebacks       812288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::total        812288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1858                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         2019                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::total              3934                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::writebacks         3173                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::total             3173                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         3890                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       451720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         5835                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       490863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         1702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1459                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::total              956441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3890                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         5835                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         1702                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1459                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::total          12885                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::writebacks        771426                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::total             771426                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::writebacks        771426                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         3890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       451720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         5835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       490863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         1702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::total            1727867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                      3934                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                     3173                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                   31472                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                  25384                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM              1006880                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ                   224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten                812288                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys               1007104                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys             812288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                    7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           12                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0            4032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1            3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2            3888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3            3904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5            3960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6            3921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7            3896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0            3216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1            3168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2            3181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3            3184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4            3136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5            3169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6            3210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7            3120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                1052969441000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5               31472                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5              25384                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0                  3934                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1                  3933                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2                  3933                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3                  3933                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4                  3933                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5                  3933                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6                  3933                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7                  3933                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                 1076                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                 1077                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                 1077                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                 1077                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                 1077                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                 1077                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                 1077                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                 1064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                 1046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::samples         8217                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.390775                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::gmean   190.710527                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.072696                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1045     12.72%     12.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::64-95           47      0.57%     13.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::96-127           16      0.19%     13.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::128-159            9      0.11%     13.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::160-191           21      0.26%     13.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::192-223           45      0.55%     14.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1021     12.43%     26.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6013     73.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::total         8217                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1045                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::mean    30.110048                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    10.678708                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::0-1             2      0.19%      0.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             9      0.86%      1.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           83      7.94%      9.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          448     42.87%     51.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          275     26.32%     78.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          121     11.58%     89.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           72      6.89%     96.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           20      1.91%     98.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            9      0.86%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            2      0.19%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::88-89            2      0.19%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.10%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::total         1045                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1045                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.290909                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.252386                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.498263                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::24           1007     96.36%     96.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::32             38      3.64%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::total         1045                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat                  849739754                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat            1383071504                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat                100688000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                   27005.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat              43955.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                       0.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       0.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                    0.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    0.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                    31.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits                  27503                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                 21129                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate               87.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate              83.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                148159482.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                  85.55                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::IDLE 959589869008                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::REF   92521859400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT     858118099                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::0          2936908.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::1               2893968                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::2          2891548.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::3          2968358.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::0          1981248.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::1               1952280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::2          1950648.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::3               2002464                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::0         9701452.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::1         9446361.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::2         9293606.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::3         9565171.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::0        6001827.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::1        5902295.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::2        5949158.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::3        6015098.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::0      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::1      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::2      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::3      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::0      9430437303.360001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::1      9430188436.799999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::2      9431561689.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::3      9432889580.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::0      104449658256                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::1      104449876560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::2      104448671952                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::3      104447507136                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::0        146266049052.480011                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::1        146265591957.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::2        146265650659.200012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::3        146266279864.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::0          77.854945                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::1          77.854702                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::2          77.854733                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::3          77.855068                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       481280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         6912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       516608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::total          1014784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::total        14336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::writebacks       819712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::total        819712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1880                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         2018                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::total              3964                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::writebacks         3202                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::total             3202                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         3647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       457069                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         6564                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       490620                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         2188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         1216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::total              963735                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3647                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6564                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2188                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1216                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::total          13615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::writebacks        778476                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::total             778476                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::writebacks        778476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         3647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       457069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         6564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       490620                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         2188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         1216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::total            1742211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                      3964                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                     3202                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                   31712                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                  25616                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM              1014784                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten                819456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys               1014784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys             819712                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          205                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0            4000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1            3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2            3952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3            3896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5            4008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6            4040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7            3952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0            3200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1            3216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2            3184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3            3167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4            3184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5            3208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6            3249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7            3200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                1052970469000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5               31712                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5              25616                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0                  3963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1                  3963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2                  3963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3                  3963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4                  3963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5                  3963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6                  3963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7                  3963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                 1062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                 1062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                 1062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                 1062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                 1062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                 1062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                 1062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                 1062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                 1061                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                 1061                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                 1061                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                 1061                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                 1061                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                 1061                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                 1064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                 1076                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                 1076                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                 1076                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                 1076                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                 1076                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                 1076                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                 1076                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                 1073                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                 1061                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::samples         8291                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.232662                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::gmean   190.713338                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.007135                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1044     12.59%     12.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::64-95           50      0.60%     13.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::96-127           29      0.35%     13.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::128-159            8      0.10%     13.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::160-191           34      0.41%     14.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::192-223           49      0.59%     14.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1023     12.34%     26.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6054     73.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::total         8291                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1061                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::mean    29.881244                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    28.651290                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.339157                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             3      0.28%      0.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           45      4.24%      4.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          517     48.73%     53.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          304     28.65%     81.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          103      9.71%     91.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           55      5.18%     96.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           21      1.98%     98.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::64-65           10      0.94%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.09%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::88-89            2      0.19%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::total         1061                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1061                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.135721                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.117420                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.033613                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::24           1043     98.30%     98.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::32             18      1.70%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::total         1061                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat                  908492176                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat            1446010576                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat                101478400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                   28648.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat              45598.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                       0.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       0.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                    0.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    0.78                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                    30.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits                  27714                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                 21315                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate              83.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                146939780.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                  85.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::IDLE 959582818853                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::REF   92521859400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT     865168254                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::0          2973196.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::1          2994969.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::2          3017347.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::3          3098390.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::0          2005728.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::1               2020416                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::2          2035512.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::3               2090184                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::0         9917107.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::1         9785817.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::2              9749376                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::3         10129766.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::0        6154444.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::1        6111313.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::2        6154444.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::3        6241121.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::0      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::1      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::2      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::3      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::0      9430249942.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::1        9432805968                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::2      9433314973.439999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::3      9434201711.039999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::0      104449822608.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::1      104447580480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::2      104447133984                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::3      104446356144                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::0        146266455082.560028                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::1        146266631020.799988                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::2        146266737693.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::3        146267449372.799988                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::0          77.855161                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::1          77.855255                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::2          77.855312                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::3          77.855691                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       478208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         7168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       514816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total          1012480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::total        16384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::writebacks       816128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total        816128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1868                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         2011                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total              3955                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::writebacks         3188                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total             3188                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         4862                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       454152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         6807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       488918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         2431                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1459                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total              961547                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         4862                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6807                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2431                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1459                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::total          15560                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::writebacks        775073                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total             775073                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::writebacks        775073                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         4862                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       454152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         6807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       488918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         2431                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total            1736620                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                      3955                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                     3188                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                   31640                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                  25504                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM              1012480                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                816128                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys               1012480                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys             816128                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          195                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0            3912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1            3992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2            3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3            4008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4            4008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5            3888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7            3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0            3192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1            3152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2            3152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3            3207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4            3168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5            3192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6            3216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7            3225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                1052972863000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5               31640                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5              25504                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0                  3955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1                  3955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2                  3955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3                  3955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4                  3955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5                  3955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6                  3955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7                  3955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                 1068                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                 1083                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                 1083                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                 1083                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                 1083                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                 1083                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                 1083                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                 1083                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                 1066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::samples         8240                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.918447                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.528254                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.617010                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1039     12.61%     12.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::64-95           32      0.39%     13.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::96-127           21      0.25%     13.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::128-159           13      0.16%     13.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::160-191           22      0.27%     13.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::192-223           31      0.38%     14.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1026     12.45%     26.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6056     73.50%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::total         8240                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1051                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::mean    30.104662                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    28.862720                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.138119                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             4      0.38%      0.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           51      4.85%      5.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          481     45.77%     51.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          288     27.40%     78.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          148     14.08%     92.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           52      4.95%     97.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           20      1.90%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            4      0.38%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            3      0.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::total         1051                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1051                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.266413                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.231032                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.436068                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::24           1016     96.67%     96.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::32             35      3.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::total         1051                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  865189792                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat            1401487792                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                101248000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                   27344.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat              44294.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                       0.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       0.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                    0.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    0.78                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                    30.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits                  27648                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                 21256                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate              83.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                147413252.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                  85.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::IDLE 959581009476                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::REF   92521859400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT     867121438                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::0               2872800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::1          2846188.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::2          2870380.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::3          2938723.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::0               1938000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::1          1920048.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::2          1936368.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::3          1982472.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::0         9628569.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::1              9362496                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::2         9241190.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::3         9465830.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::0        5879070.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::1        5908930.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::2        5905612.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::3        6018831.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::0      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::1      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::2      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::3      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::0      9430099133.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::1      9430287698.880001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::2      9432268125.120001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::3      9432965859.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::0      104449954896                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::1      104449789488.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::2      104448052272                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::3      104447440224                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::0        146265704525.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::1        146265446905.920013                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::2        146265606004.799988                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::3        146266143996.479980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::0          77.854762                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::1          77.854625                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::2          77.854710                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::3          77.854996                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         6912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       479744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         6400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       514816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::total          1013248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         6912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::total        17408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::writebacks       816640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::total        816640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1874                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         2011                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::total              3958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::writebacks         3190                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::total             3190                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         6564                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       455610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         6078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       488918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         2917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst          972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::total              962276                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         6564                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6078                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2917                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          972                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::total          16532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::writebacks        775559                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::total             775559                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::writebacks        775559                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         6564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       455610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         6078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       488918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         2917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst          972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::total            1737835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                      3958                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                     3190                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                   31664                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                  25520                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM              1013248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                816128                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys               1013248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys             816640                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          246                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1            3896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2            3904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3            3976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5            4144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6            3952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7            3952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0            3200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1            3208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2            3096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3            3160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4            3152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5            3255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6            3233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7            3200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                1052966171000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5               31664                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5              25520                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0                  3958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1                  3958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2                  3958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3                  3958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4                  3958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5                  3958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6                  3958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7                  3958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                 1061                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                 1083                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                 1082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                 1082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                 1082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                 1082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                 1082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                 1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                 1073                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::samples         8285                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::mean   220.805794                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::gmean   190.192209                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.237846                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1046     12.63%     12.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::64-95           55      0.66%     13.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::96-127           28      0.34%     13.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::128-159           20      0.24%     13.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::160-191           34      0.41%     14.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::192-223           59      0.71%     14.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1020     12.31%     27.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6023     72.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::total         8285                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1052                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::mean    30.083650                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    28.827482                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.362996                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             2      0.19%      0.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           51      4.85%      5.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          497     47.24%     52.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          285     27.09%     79.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          132     12.55%     91.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           54      5.13%     97.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           16      1.52%     98.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::64-65           12      1.14%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.10%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            2      0.19%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::total         1052                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1052                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.243346                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.209112                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.408045                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.10%      0.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.10%      0.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::24           1017     96.67%     96.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::32             33      3.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::total         1052                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat                  861905804                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat            1398610604                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat                101324800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                   27220.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat              44170.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                       0.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       0.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                    0.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    0.78                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                    31.11                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits                  27658                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                 21225                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate               87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate              83.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                147309201.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                  85.48                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::IDLE 959567871802                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::REF   92521859400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT     880115305                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::0          2826230.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::1          2885500.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::2          2959286.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::3          2926627.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::0               1906584                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::1          1946568.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::2               1996344                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::3          1974312.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::0              9150336                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::1         9293606.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::2         9556684.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::3         9413414.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::0        5905612.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::1        5922201.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::2        6018416.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::3        5959111.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::0      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::1      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::2      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::3      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::0      9430237028.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::1      9431922075.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::2      9433449146.880001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::3      9433024300.799999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::0      104449833936                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::1      104448355824                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::2      104447016288.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::3      104447388960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::0        146265191783.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::1        146265657832.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::2        146266328222.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::3        146266018781.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::0          77.854489                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::1          77.854737                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::2          77.855094                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::3          77.854929                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         7936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       477952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         7424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       515072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::total          1014528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         7936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::total        20736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::writebacks       816128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::total        816128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1867                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         2012                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::total              3963                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::writebacks         3188                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::total             3188                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         7537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       453909                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         7051                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       489161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1459                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::total              963492                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         7537                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7051                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3647                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1459                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::total          19693                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::writebacks        775073                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::total             775073                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::writebacks        775073                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         7537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       453909                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         7051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       489161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::total            1738565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                      3963                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                     3188                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                   31704                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                  25504                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM              1014304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ                   224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                815872                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys               1014528                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys             816128                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                    7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         1083                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0            4000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1            3873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2            3912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3            4016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4            3976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5            4048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0            3248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1            3192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2            3144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3            3168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4            3159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5            3193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6            3184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7            3208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                1053105596000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5               31704                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5              25504                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0                  3963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1                  3962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2                  3962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3                  3962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4                  3962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5                  3962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6                  3962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7                  3962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                 1062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                 1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                 1080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                 1080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                 1080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                 1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                 1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                 1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                 1072                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::samples         8275                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.169305                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::gmean   190.994499                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.792461                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1017     12.29%     12.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::64-95           68      0.82%     13.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::96-127           35      0.42%     13.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::128-159           13      0.16%     13.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::160-191           43      0.52%     14.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::192-223           64      0.77%     14.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::224-255          996     12.04%     27.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6039     72.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::total         8275                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1052                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::mean    30.107414                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    28.726079                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.813914                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             5      0.48%      0.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           54      5.13%      5.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          503     47.81%     53.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          267     25.38%     78.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          130     12.36%     91.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           56      5.32%     96.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           21      2.00%     98.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::64-65           11      1.05%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            2      0.19%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            3      0.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::total         1052                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1052                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.235741                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.204321                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.353551                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::24           1021     97.05%     97.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::32             31      2.95%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::total         1052                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat                  902956290                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat            1440220440                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat                101430400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                   28487.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat              45437.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                       0.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       0.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                    0.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    0.78                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                    31.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits                  27700                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                 21218                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate              83.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                147266899.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                  85.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::IDLE 959571572360                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::REF   92521859400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT     876414747                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::0          2865542.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::1               2881872                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::2          2955657.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::3               2918160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::0               1933104                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::1               1944120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::2               1993896                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::3               1968600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::0         9345523.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::1         9378470.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::2         9653030.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::3         9365990.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::0        5902295.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::1        5918883.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::2        5972382.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::3        5978603.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::0      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::1      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::2      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::3      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::0      9430301433.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::1      9432421943.039999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::2      9432021939.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::3      9432443064.959999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::0      104449777440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::1      104447917344                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::2      104448268224                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::3      104447898816                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::0        146265457393.920013                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::1        146265794688.959991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::2        146266197186.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::3        146265905290.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::0          77.854630                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::1          77.854810                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::2          77.855024                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::3          77.854869                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         7936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       477440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       514816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::total          1015296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         7936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         9216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::total        22272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::writebacks       816640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::total        816640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1865                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         2011                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::total              3966                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::writebacks         3190                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::total             3190                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         7537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       453422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         8752                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       488918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         2917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1945                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::total              964221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         7537                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         8752                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2917                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1945                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::total          21152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::writebacks        775559                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::total             775559                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::writebacks        775559                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         7537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       453422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         8752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       488918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         2917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1945                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::total            1739780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                      3966                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                     3190                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                   31728                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                  25520                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM              1015040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                816384                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys               1015296                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys             816640                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            9                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0            3912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2            3912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3            4040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4            3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5            4032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6            4000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0            3200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1            3216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2            3120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3            3192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4            3160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5            3232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6            3208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7            3184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                1052968765000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5               31728                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5              25520                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0                  3965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1                  3965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2                  3965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3                  3965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4                  3965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5                  3965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6                  3965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7                  3965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                 1064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                 1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                 1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                 1088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                 1088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                 1088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                 1088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                 1088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                 1071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                 1048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::samples         8294                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::mean   220.813118                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::gmean   190.521088                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.005704                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1027     12.38%     12.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::64-95           60      0.72%     13.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::96-127           44      0.53%     13.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::128-159           20      0.24%     13.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::160-191           50      0.60%     14.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::192-223           58      0.70%     15.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1005     12.12%     27.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6030     72.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::total         8294                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1047                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::mean    30.288443                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    28.880497                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.974580                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           73      6.97%      6.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          468     44.70%     51.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          282     26.93%     78.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          121     11.56%     90.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           64      6.11%     96.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           22      2.10%     98.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::64-65           12      1.15%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            3      0.29%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            2      0.19%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::total         1047                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1047                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.366762                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.315894                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.710155                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.10%      0.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::24            997     95.22%     95.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::32             49      4.68%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::total         1047                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat                  874512604                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat            1412166604                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat                101504000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                   27569.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat              44519.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                       0.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       0.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                    0.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    0.78                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                    31.18                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits                  27710                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                 21228                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate               87.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate              83.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                147144880.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                  85.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::IDLE 959566263152                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::REF   92521859400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT     881710205                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::0               2821392                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::1          2888524.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::2          2936908.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::3          2933884.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::0               1903320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::1          1948608.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::2          1981248.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::3          1979208.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::0              9177792                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::1         9410419.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::2              9504768                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::3              9437376                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::0        5872435.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::1        5908930.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::2        5965747.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::3        5938790.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::0      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::1      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::2      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::3      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::0      9429875438.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::1      9431191344.959999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::2      9432970511.039999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::3      9433529913.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::0      104450151120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::1      104448996816                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::2      104447436144                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::3      104446945440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::0        146265133553.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::1        146265676699.199982                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::2        146266127382.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::3        146266096668.480011                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::0          77.854458                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::1          77.854747                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::2          77.854987                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::3          77.854971                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       477184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         7168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       512000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total          1005824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::total        13824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::writebacks       811520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total        811520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1864                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         2000                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total              3929                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::writebacks         3170                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total             3170                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         3890                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       453179                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         6807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       486244                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         1459                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst          972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total              955226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3890                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6807                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         1459                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          972                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::total          13129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::writebacks        770696                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total             770696                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::writebacks        770696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         3890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       453179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         6807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       486244                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         1459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst          972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total            1725922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                      3929                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                     3170                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                   31432                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                  25360                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM              1005600                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                   224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten                812032                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys               1005824                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys             811520                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                    7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          191                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0            4008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2            3872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4            3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5            3960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6            3857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7            3904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0            3160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1            3160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2            3168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3            3192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4            3160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5            3208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6            3168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7            3160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                1053068189000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5               31432                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5              25360                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0                  3929                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1                  3928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2                  3928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3                  3928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4                  3928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5                  3928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6                  3928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7                  3928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                 1044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                 1044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                 1044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                 1044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                 1044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                 1044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                 1044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                 1044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                 1044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                 1044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                 1044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                 1044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                 1044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                 1044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                 1061                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                 1070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                 1071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                 1071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                 1071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                 1071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                 1071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                 1071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                 1054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                   11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                   11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                   11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                   11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                   11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                   11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                   11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                   11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::samples         8197                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.743565                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.409902                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.648741                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1027     12.53%     12.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::64-95           41      0.50%     13.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::96-127           24      0.29%     13.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::128-159           12      0.15%     13.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::160-191           25      0.30%     13.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::192-223           41      0.50%     14.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1015     12.38%     26.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6012     73.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::total         8197                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1045                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::mean    30.071770                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    28.634832                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.987905                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             2      0.19%      0.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           84      8.04%      8.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          456     43.64%     51.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          269     25.74%     77.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          147     14.07%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           55      5.26%     96.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           18      1.72%     98.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            9      0.86%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            3      0.29%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.10%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::total         1045                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1045                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.283254                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.245710                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.479152                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::24           1008     96.46%     96.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::32             37      3.54%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::total         1045                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  875195098                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat            1407848848                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                100560000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                   27850.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat              44800.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                       0.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       0.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                    0.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    0.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                    31.11                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits                  27456                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                 21148                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate               87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate              83.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                148340356.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                  85.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::IDLE 959582746982                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::REF   92521859400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT     865240125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::0          2852236.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::1          2805062.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::2          2939932.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::3          2858889.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::0          1924128.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::1               1892304                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::2          1983288.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::3               1928616                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::0         9408921.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::1         9153331.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::2         9485798.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::3              9217728                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::0        5905612.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::1        5822668.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::2        6035005.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::3        5866214.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::0      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::1      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::2      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::3      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::0      9430670355.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::1      9430034673.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::2      9432917870.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::3      9431424889.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::0      104449453824                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::1      104450011440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::2      104447482320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::3      104448791952                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::0        146265547134.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::1        146265051535.679993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::2        146266176270.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::3        146265420345.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::0          77.854678                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::1          77.854414                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::2          77.855013                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::3          77.854611                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       476928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       514304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::total          1006080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::total        14080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::writebacks       811520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::total        811520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1863                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         2009                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::total              3930                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::writebacks         3170                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::total             3170                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         3890                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       452936                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         5835                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       488432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         1945                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::total              955469                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3890                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         5835                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         1945                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1702                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::total          13372                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::writebacks        770696                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::total             770696                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::writebacks        770696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         3890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       452936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         5835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       488432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         1945                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::total            1726165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                      3930                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                     3170                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                   31440                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                  25360                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM              1006080                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten                811776                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys               1006080                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys             811520                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           10                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0            3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1            3888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2            3912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3            3888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5            3952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6            3984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7            3912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0            3216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1            3168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2            3128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3            3168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4            3128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5            3200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6            3200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7            3160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                1052968526000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5               31440                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5              25360                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0                  3930                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1                  3930                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2                  3930                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3                  3930                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4                  3930                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5                  3930                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6                  3930                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7                  3930                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                 1043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                 1043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                 1043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                 1043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                 1043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                 1043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                 1043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                 1043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                 1062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                 1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                 1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                 1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                 1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                 1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                 1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                 1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                 1064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::samples         8238                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::mean   220.667152                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::gmean   190.117886                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.257677                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1034     12.55%     12.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::64-95           59      0.72%     13.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::96-127           37      0.45%     13.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::128-159           15      0.18%     13.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::160-191           45      0.55%     14.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::192-223           59      0.72%     15.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1006     12.21%     27.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5983     72.63%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::total         8238                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1045                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::mean    30.093780                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.746736                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::0-1             1      0.10%      0.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             5      0.48%      0.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           62      5.93%      6.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          477     45.65%     52.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          279     26.70%     78.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          127     12.15%     91.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           56      5.36%     96.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           22      2.11%     98.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::64-65           14      1.34%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            2      0.19%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::total         1045                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1045                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.275598                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.236305                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.501158                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.10%      0.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::24           1007     96.36%     96.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::32             37      3.54%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::total         1045                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat                  883929068                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat            1416837068                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat                100608000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                   28114.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat              45064.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                       0.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       0.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                    0.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    0.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                    31.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits                  27461                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                 21109                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate               87.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate              83.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                148305426.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                  85.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::IDLE 959577065737                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::REF   92521859400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT     870921370                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::0          2874009.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::1               2842560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::2               2927232                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::3               2984688                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::0               1938816                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::1               1917600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::2               1974720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::3               2013480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::0         9413414.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::1         9173798.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::2         9441868.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::3         9636556.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::0        5898977.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::1        5816033.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::2        5962429.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::3        6011781.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::0      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::1      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::2      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::3      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::0      9430102143.360001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::1      9430769234.880001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::2      9432620631.360001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::3      9433432621.439999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::0      104449952256                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::1      104449367088.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::2      104447743056                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::3      104447030784                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::0        146265511672.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::1        146265218370.240021                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::2        146266001993.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::3        146266441967.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::0          77.854659                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::1          77.854503                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::2          77.854920                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::3          77.855154                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         7680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       475648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         6912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       514304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::total          1010688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         7680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::total        18176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::writebacks       813568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::total        813568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1858                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         2009                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::total              3948                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::writebacks         3178                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::total             3178                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         7294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       451720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         6564                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       488432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         2188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::total              959845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         7294                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6564                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2188                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1216                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::total          17262                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::writebacks        772641                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::total             772641                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::writebacks        772641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         7294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       451720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         6564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       488432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         2188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::total            1732487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                      3948                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                     3178                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                   31584                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                  25424                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM              1010432                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten                813312                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys               1010688                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys             813568                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      7896090                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2            3888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3            3992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4            4000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6            3984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0            3184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1            3176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2            3176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3            3160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4            3144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5            3176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6            3224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7            3176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                1053127735000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5               31584                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5              25424                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0                  3947                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1                  3947                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2                  3947                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3                  3947                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4                  3947                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5                  3947                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6                  3947                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7                  3947                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                 1048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                 1048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                 1048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                 1049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                 1049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                 1049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                 1049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                 1049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                 1048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                 1048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                 1048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                 1048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                 1048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                 1048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                 1057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                 1078                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                 1078                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                 1078                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                 1078                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                 1077                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                 1077                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                 1077                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                 1068                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::samples         8242                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.274448                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::gmean   190.785616                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.957777                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1039     12.61%     12.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::64-95           42      0.51%     13.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::96-127           28      0.34%     13.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::128-159           21      0.25%     13.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::160-191           31      0.38%     14.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::192-223           42      0.51%     14.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1018     12.35%     26.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6021     73.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::total         8242                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1048                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::mean    30.122137                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    28.625187                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    10.086179                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             4      0.38%      0.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           82      7.82%      8.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          466     44.47%     52.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          259     24.71%     77.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          138     13.17%     90.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           58      5.53%     96.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           29      2.77%     98.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            8      0.76%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.10%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            3      0.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::total         1048                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1048                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.251908                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.216560                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.430830                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.10%      0.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.10%      0.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::24           1012     96.56%     96.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::32             34      3.24%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::total         1048                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat                  857525300                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat            1392738500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat                101043200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                   27157.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat              44107.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                       0.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       0.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                    0.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    0.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                    31.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits                  27589                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                 21161                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate               87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate              83.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                147786659.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                  85.53                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::IDLE 959595612676                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::REF   92521859400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT     852374431                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::0          2802643.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::1          2853446.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::2          2885500.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::3               2903040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::0               1890672                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::1               1924944                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::2          1946568.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::3               1958400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::0         9097420.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::1         9229209.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::2         9285619.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::3              9345024                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::0        5839257.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::1        5872849.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::2        5925519.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::3        5918883.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::0      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::1      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::2      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::3      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::0      9429237239.039999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::1      9430579082.880001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::2      9431216899.199999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::3      9430624938.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::0      104450710944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::1      104449533888.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::2      104448974400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::3      104449493664                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::0        146264910232.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::1        146265325476.480011                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::2        146265566562.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::3        146265576005.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::0          77.854339                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::1          77.854560                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::2          77.854689                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::3          77.854694                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         6912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       478464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         7680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       517376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::total          1016064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         6912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::total        19200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::writebacks       817408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::total        817408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1869                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         2021                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::total              3969                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::writebacks         3193                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::total             3193                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         6564                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       454395                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         7294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       491349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         2674                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::total              964951                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         6564                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7294                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2674                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1702                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::total          18234                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::writebacks        776288                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::total             776288                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::writebacks        776288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         6564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       454395                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         7294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       491349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         2674                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::total            1741239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                      3969                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                     3193                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                   31752                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                  25544                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM              1016064                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                817152                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys               1016064                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys             817408                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           10                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0            3960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1            3872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2            3952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3            4024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4            3960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5            4032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6            4016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0            3216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1            3176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2            3161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3            3168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4            3160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5            3215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6            3232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7            3208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                1052969935000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5               31752                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5              25544                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0                  3969                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1                  3969                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2                  3969                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3                  3969                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4                  3969                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5                  3969                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6                  3969                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7                  3969                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                 1056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                 1056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                 1056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                 1056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                 1056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                 1056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                 1056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                 1056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                 1057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                 1057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                 1057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                 1057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                 1057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                 1057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                 1065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                 1078                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                 1078                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                 1078                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                 1078                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                 1078                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                 1078                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                 1078                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                 1070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                 1057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::samples         8277                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.487012                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::gmean   190.931564                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.900561                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1052     12.71%     12.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::64-95           30      0.36%     13.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::96-127           26      0.31%     13.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::128-159           18      0.22%     13.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::160-191           27      0.33%     13.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::192-223           30      0.36%     14.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1040     12.56%     26.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6054     73.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::total         8277                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1057                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::mean    30.032167                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    28.672019                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.810463                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             3      0.28%      0.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           61      5.77%      6.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          496     46.93%     52.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          284     26.87%     79.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          122     11.54%     91.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           54      5.11%     96.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           23      2.18%     98.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            6      0.57%     99.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            4      0.38%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            4      0.38%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::total         1057                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1057                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.158940                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.132187                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.220600                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      0.19%      0.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::24           1032     97.63%     97.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::32             23      2.18%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::total         1057                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat                  920971428                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat            1459167828                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat                101606400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                   29005.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat              45955.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                       0.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       0.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                    0.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    0.78                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                    31.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits                  27744                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                 21268                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate              83.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                147021772.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                  85.54                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::IDLE 959586446596                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::REF   92521859400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT     861600918                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::0          2846188.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::1          2945980.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::2          2953238.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::3               2981664                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::0          1920048.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::1          1987368.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::2               1992264                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::3               2011440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::0         9401932.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::1              9836736                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::2         9613094.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::3         9601612.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::0        5902295.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::1        5965747.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::2        6035005.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::3        6058229.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::0      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::1      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::2      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::3      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::0      9429049056.959999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::1      9430466086.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::2      9431951788.799999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::3      9432691931.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::0      104450879616                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::1      104449636608.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::2      104448333360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::3      104447684112                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::0        146265331193.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::1        146266170581.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::2        146266210806.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::3        146266361045.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::0          77.854561                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::1          77.855008                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::2          77.855029                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::3          77.855109                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       480000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       514560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total          1009920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::total        11520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::writebacks       818688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total        818688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1875                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         2010                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total              3945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::writebacks         3198                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total             3198                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         2674                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       455854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         4376                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       488675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         2431                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         1702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1459                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total              959116                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2674                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4376                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2431                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1459                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::total          10940                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::writebacks        777504                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total             777504                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::writebacks        777504                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         2674                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       455854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         4376                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       488675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         2431                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         1702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total            1736620                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                      3945                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                     3198                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                   31560                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                  25584                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM              1009664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten                818432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys               1009920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys             818688                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          193                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0            3952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1            3944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3            3952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4            3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5            3976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6            3904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0            3184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1            3200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2            3152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3            3215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4            3160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5            3264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6            3192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7            3209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                1053118483000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5               31560                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5              25584                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0                  3944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1                  3944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2                  3944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3                  3944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4                  3944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5                  3944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6                  3944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7                  3944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                 1056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                 1056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                 1056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                 1056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                 1056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                 1056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                 1057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                 1057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                 1066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                 1079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                 1079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                 1079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                 1079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                 1079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                 1079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                 1079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                 1070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                 1057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::samples         8243                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.775567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.381863                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.663387                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1042     12.64%     12.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::64-95           23      0.28%     12.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::96-127           26      0.32%     13.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::128-159           25      0.30%     13.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::160-191           28      0.34%     13.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::192-223           20      0.24%     14.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1030     12.50%     26.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6049     73.38%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::total         8243                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1058                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::mean    29.807183                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    28.540399                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.506293                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             3      0.28%      0.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           49      4.63%      4.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          527     49.81%     54.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          279     26.37%     81.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          107     10.11%     91.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           65      6.14%     97.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           17      1.61%     98.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            5      0.47%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            2      0.19%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            3      0.28%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::total         1058                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1058                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.173913                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.143203                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.304965                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      0.19%      0.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.09%      0.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.09%      0.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::24           1028     97.16%     97.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::32             26      2.46%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::total         1058                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  870427108                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat            1405233508                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                100966400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                   27587.07                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat              44537.07                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                       0.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       0.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                    0.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    0.78                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                    31.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits                  27582                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                 21303                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate               87.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate              83.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                147433638.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                  85.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::IDLE 959580113293                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::REF   92521859400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT     867873814                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::0          2846793.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::1          2846793.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::2          2931465.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::3          2914531.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::0               1920456                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::1               1920456                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::2               1977576                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::3          1966152.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::0         9370483.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::1         9380966.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::2              9449856                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::3         9341030.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::0        5922201.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::1        5859164.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::2        6041640.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::3        6005560.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::0      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::1      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::2      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::3      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::0      9430508001.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::1      9430307179.199999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::2      9433255875.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::3      9432432175.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::0      104449596240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::1      104449772400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::2      104447185824                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::3      104447908368.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::0        146265496231.679993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::1        146265419015.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::2        146266174294.079987                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::3        146265899873.280029                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::0          77.854651                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::1          77.854610                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::2          77.855012                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::3          77.854866                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         7680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       477440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         7936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       512512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::total          1012224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         7680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::total        18944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::writebacks       814592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::total        814592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1865                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         2002                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::total              3954                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::writebacks         3182                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::total             3182                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         7294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       453422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         7537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       486730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         1945                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::total              961304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         7294                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7537                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         1945                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1216                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::total          17991                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::writebacks        773614                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::total             773614                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::writebacks        773614                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         7294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       453422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         7537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       486730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         1945                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::total            1734918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                      3954                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                     3182                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                   31632                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                  25456                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM              1012224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten                815104                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys               1012224                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys             814592                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs       786114                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0            3952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2            3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3            3984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4            3984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5            3984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6            3944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0            3200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1            3200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2            3184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3            3137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4            3144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5            3184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6            3239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7            3184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                1052968491000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5               31632                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5              25456                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0                  3954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1                  3954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2                  3954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3                  3954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4                  3954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5                  3954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6                  3954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7                  3954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                 1046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                 1046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                 1046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                 1046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                 1046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                 1046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                 1082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                 1083                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                 1083                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                 1083                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                 1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                 1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                 1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                 1072                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                 1048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                    8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::samples         8293                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::mean   220.345834                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::gmean   189.314430                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.758152                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1067     12.87%     12.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::64-95           57      0.69%     13.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::96-127           28      0.34%     13.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::128-159            9      0.11%     14.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::160-191           37      0.45%     14.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::192-223           58      0.70%     15.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1026     12.37%     27.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6011     72.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::total         8293                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1047                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::mean    30.227316                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    28.924394                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.645628                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             2      0.19%      0.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           51      4.87%      5.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          490     46.80%     51.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          285     27.22%     79.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          129     12.32%     91.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           58      5.54%     96.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           19      1.81%     98.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            6      0.57%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            3      0.29%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            3      0.29%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::total         1047                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1047                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.328558                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.282510                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.626436                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.10%      0.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::24           1002     95.70%     95.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::32             44      4.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::total         1047                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat                  858205300                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat            1394367700                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat                101222400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                   27130.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat              44080.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                       0.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       0.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                    0.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    0.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                    31.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits                  27641                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                 21170                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate              83.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                147557243.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                  85.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::IDLE 959577637414                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::REF   92521859400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT     870349693                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::0          2835907.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::1          2918764.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::2          2922393.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::3          2952633.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::0               1913112                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::1          1969008.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::2               1971456                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::3               1991856                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::0         9341030.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::1         9541708.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::2         9354009.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::3              9397440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::0        5925519.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::1        5922616.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::2        5942108.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::3        6001827.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::0      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::1      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::2      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::3      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::0      9428830614.719999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::1      9431017335.360001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::2      9431900187.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::3      9432475295.039999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::0      104451067632                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::1      104449149456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::2      104448375024                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::3      104447870544                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::0        146265245871.359985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::1        146265850944.959991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::2        146265797234.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::3        146266021652.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::0          77.854518                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::1          77.854840                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::2          77.854811                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::3          77.854931                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       478464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         9728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       513792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total          1016576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         6144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         9728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::total        19968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::writebacks       816128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total        816128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1869                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         2007                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total              3971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::writebacks         3188                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total             3188                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         5835                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       454395                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         9239                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       487946                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         2431                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1459                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total              965437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         5835                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         9239                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2431                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1459                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::total          18964                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::writebacks        775073                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total             775073                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::writebacks        775073                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         5835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       454395                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         9239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       487946                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         2431                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total            1740510                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                      3971                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                     3188                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                   31768                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                  25504                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM              1016576                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                816128                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys               1016576                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys             816128                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          177                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1            3976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2            3992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3            3952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4            4024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5            3960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6            3888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7            4040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0            3200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1            3160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2            3151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3            3192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4            3200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5            3200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6            3192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7            3209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                1053107984000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5               31768                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5              25504                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0                  3970                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1                  3970                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2                  3970                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3                  3970                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4                  3970                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5                  3970                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6                  3970                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7                  3970                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                 1044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                 1044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                 1044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                 1044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                 1044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                 1044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                 1044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                 1044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                 1069                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                 1094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                 1094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                 1094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                 1094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                 1094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                 1094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                 1094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                 1070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::samples         8252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::mean   222.092099                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.884832                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.402380                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1031     12.49%     12.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::64-95           34      0.41%     12.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::96-127           21      0.25%     13.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::128-159           14      0.17%     13.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::160-191           23      0.28%     13.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::192-223           39      0.47%     14.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1015     12.30%     26.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6075     73.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::total         8252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1046                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::mean    30.370937                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    28.868651                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    10.256429                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             4      0.38%      0.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           76      7.27%      7.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          444     42.45%     50.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          299     28.59%     78.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          124     11.85%     90.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           54      5.16%     95.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           27      2.58%     98.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::64-65           13      1.24%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            2      0.19%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            2      0.19%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::total         1046                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1046                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.382409                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.327553                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.771393                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.10%      0.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.10%      0.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.10%      0.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::24            991     94.74%     95.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::32             52      4.97%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::total         1046                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  870597152                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat            1409064752                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                101657600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                   27404.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat              44354.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                       0.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       0.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                    0.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    0.78                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                    31.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits                  27755                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                 21265                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate               87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate              83.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                147102665.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                  85.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::IDLE 959586411336                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::REF   92521859400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT     861575771                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::0          2861308.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::1          2811715.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::2          2959286.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::3          2849817.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::0          1930248.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::1               1896792                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::2               1996344                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::3               1922496                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::0         9470822.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::1         9237196.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::2         9581644.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::3         9197260.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::0        5895659.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::1        5839257.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::2        6091407.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::3        5842990.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::0      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::1      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::2      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::3      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::0      9430400805.120001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::1      9429612618.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::2      9432253350.719999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::3      9431426312.639999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::0      104449690272                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::1      104450381664                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::2      104448065232                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::3      104448790704                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::0        146265581171.519989                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::1        146265111299.520020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::2        146266279320.959991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::3        146265361636.799988                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::0          77.854696                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::1          77.854446                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::2          77.855068                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::3          77.854579                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       478720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         7680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       515072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::total          1011712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::total        17408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::writebacks       812800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::total        812800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1870                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         2012                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::total              3952                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::writebacks         3175                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::total             3175                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         5349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       454638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         7294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       489161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         2188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::total              960818                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         5349                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7294                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2188                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1702                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::total          16532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::writebacks        771912                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::total             771912                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::writebacks        771912                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         5349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       454638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         7294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       489161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         2188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::total            1732730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                      3952                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                     3175                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                   31616                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                  25400                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM              1011712                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                813312                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys               1011712                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys             812800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0            3912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1            3896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3            3952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4            4000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5            3976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6            4000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7            3960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0            3184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1            3176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2            3121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3            3144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4            3183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5            3192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6            3240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7            3176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                1052969991000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5               31616                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5              25400                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0                  3952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1                  3952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2                  3952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3                  3952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4                  3952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5                  3952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6                  3952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7                  3952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                 1073                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                 1075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                 1075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                 1075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                 1075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                 1075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                 1075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                 1064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                 1049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::samples         8257                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.027492                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::gmean   190.749210                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.905835                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1027     12.44%     12.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::64-95           45      0.54%     12.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::96-127           42      0.51%     13.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::128-159           33      0.40%     13.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::160-191           45      0.54%     14.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::192-223           43      0.52%     14.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1002     12.14%     27.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6020     72.91%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::total         8257                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1048                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::mean    30.190840                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    28.800806                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    10.198125                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             2      0.19%      0.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           54      5.15%      5.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          509     48.57%     53.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          255     24.33%     78.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          144     13.74%     91.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           49      4.68%     96.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           15      1.43%     98.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::64-65           13      1.24%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            2      0.19%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.10%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::88-89            2      0.19%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.10%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::total         1048                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1048                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.251908                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.218396                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.397739                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::24           1015     96.85%     96.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::32             33      3.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::total         1048                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat                  907443892                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat            1443335092                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat                101171200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                   28702.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat              45652.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                       0.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       0.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                    0.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    0.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                    31.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits                  27629                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                 21146                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate              83.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                147743789.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                  85.55                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::IDLE 959571573510                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::REF   92521859400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT     876483554                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::0          2849817.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::1          2915740.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::2          2920579.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::3          3023395.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::0               1922496                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::1          1966968.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::2          1970232.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::3          2039592.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::0         9421401.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::1         9533222.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::2              9517248                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::3         9757363.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::0        5902295.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::1        5932569.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::2        5991874.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::3        6101360.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::0      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::1      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::2      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::3      32365332055.680000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::0      9429732728.639999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::1      9431075338.559999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::2      9431806561.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::3      9434044117.439999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::0      104450280480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::1      104449102752                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::2      104448461328.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::3      104446498560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::0        146265441274.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::1        146265858647.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::2        146265999879.360016                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::3        146266796444.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::0          77.854619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::1          77.854841                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::2          77.854916                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::3          77.855340                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               38737                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              38737                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                218                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               218                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             50977                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          9268282                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        1478741                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         8685060                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             25032                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            24930                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1314                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave     19609618                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     19610932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               19610932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         2628                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave     29236225                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     29238853                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                29238853                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     19368500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    632340500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       218000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp       109000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    841120500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq   4634168944                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq    739371498                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp   4342530000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     12516000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    411345000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq           95                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp           39                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback         1754                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           16                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp          471                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           10                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq       416999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       283000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback      7827492                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       115999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         9000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      5728500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        27000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                          1877                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                          510                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                         1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime             8396490                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime            6011500                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                          2062065                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          10861329                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                10861329    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            10861329                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              437000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                 657                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy          5215265000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded             8799265                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy         5386324500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded            8748945                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq              38297                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp             38297                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback            50977                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         7693023                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        992037                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        8685060                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq            24930                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp           24930                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         2947                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         2741                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         2777                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         3255                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         2875                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         2729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         2768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         2826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       397260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      3949607                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         2820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         2832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         2902                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         2849                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         2842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         2863                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total      4386894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         2797                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         2788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         2803                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         3330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         2929                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         2839                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         2736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         2815                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       394409                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      3952144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         2892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         2902                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         2918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         2906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         2821                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         2869                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total      4386898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         2844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         2817                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         2827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         3384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         2890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         2821                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         2798                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         2742                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       397313                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      3949124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         2865                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         2862                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         2992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         2803                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         2904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         2855                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total      4386841                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         2952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         2733                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         2744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         3311                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         2904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         2751                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         2748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         2682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       394336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      3952379                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         2833                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         2892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         2998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         2916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         2843                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         2897                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total      4386920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total              17547553                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       466432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       447488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       456192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       450816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       459008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       448512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       451584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       461312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       450048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       468992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       452864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       452352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       453888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       455680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       452608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       458240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total      7286017                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       451072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       460800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       462336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       457216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       456448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       463616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       452608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       460544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       460800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       441344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       455168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       463104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       455168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       464640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       447232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       456448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total      7308544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       450816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       462080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       465664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       460032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       458240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       466688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       457216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       454656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       461824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       458240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       458240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       452864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       460800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       448768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       461312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       454912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total      7332352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       466176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       454144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       449280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       462592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       456192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       453120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       456192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       442880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       454144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       455680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       452352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       460288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       467456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       459520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       456192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       463104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total      7309312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total               29236225                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     53615000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    377827064                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         2200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    479183000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq  10770232200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq   1388851800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp  12150398940                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     34902000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    246392113                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq        18800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback          800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                            4                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                           0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime              19600                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime                 0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy           35935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded               7371                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy           35377800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded               7127                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy           35584800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded               7172                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy           37031600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded               8234                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy           35871600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded               7394                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy           35551000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded               7165                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy           35314000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded               7110                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy           35350600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded               7119                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy         1136005600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded             793250                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy        11089925600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded            7903216                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy          35687800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded              7297                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy          35777200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded              7338                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy          36176600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded              7509                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy          35854400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded              7336                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy          35566000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded              7290                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy          35774400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded              7336                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.occupancy              2200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.succeeded                 1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy        3192945148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded           2187077                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy        3193756123                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded           2187082                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy        3193942995                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded           2187025                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy        3193975351                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded           2187104                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq        38297                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp        38297                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback        50977                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq      7693023                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       992037                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp      8685060                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq        24930                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp        24930                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave      4386894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave      4386898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave      4386841                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave      4386920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total     17547553                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave      7286017                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave      7308544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave      7332352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave      7309312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total     29236225                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     30637600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    153188000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq          900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    203908000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq   6154418400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq    793629600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp   6948048000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     19944000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     99720000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            7                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp          449                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp        18400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       637600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                   456                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess                  1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime       656000                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy   1800618500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded      2199817                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy   1800601600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded      2199816                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy   1800784000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded      2199816                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy   1800534400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded      2199816                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy   7200956800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded      8748288                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           11415966                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          11415966                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               218                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              218                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            70253                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         9268024                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       1478769                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       10746793                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           299111                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          299111                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       479438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15325828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           33                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side        12016                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       674126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15401335                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           35                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side        10889                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          480                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          279                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              31905664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     61368064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     22428188                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           60                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side        19444                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     86288128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     21286928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side        19004                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        91648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        48908                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        61184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        30221                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              191641861                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   5823199605                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  21108750764                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       218000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp       109000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback   2283240464                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq   4702488772                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq    739385997                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp   4342421487                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq    149584442                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    942534995                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        14658                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp         4707                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq           11                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback         1241                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         3979                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          125                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp           16                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq          350                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           63                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    281218998                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     79924486                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       275500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback     37498446                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     86126500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      2818500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        22000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      6447995                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      1060500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                        20853                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                        4786                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime          414385939                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime          81006986                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                        13088765                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         22531683                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47              22531683    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           22531683                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        13698117780                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded           22532341                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        7790913408                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded            239719                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy      185778564449                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            17.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded          10967291                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy             18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                18                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy           7156996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded              7155                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy       10954582430                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded            337063                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy      181112706468                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization            17.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded          10903692                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.occupancy             19000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                19                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy           6139497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded              6138                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.occupancy         11635499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded              358                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy          6073499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded              240                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.occupancy             2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded                2                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy          7767999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              239                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy          4108000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              150                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.numCycles                        0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_func_calls                   0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_insts                    0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_load_insts                   0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_store_insts                  0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.idle_fraction                    1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShift              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemRead                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IprAccess              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::total                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       105296                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       105296    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       105296                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalReadBytes                  0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       105296                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       105296    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       105296                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalWrittenBytes               0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::0              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::1              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::2              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::3              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::4              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::5              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::6              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::7              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::8              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::9              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::10             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::11             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::12             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::13             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::14             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::15             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::16             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::17             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::18             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::19             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::mean             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::total              0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean           0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::samples              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::mean               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::total                0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       105296                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       105296    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       105296                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       105296                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       105296    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       105296                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::samples       105296                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::mean             0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::0           105296    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::total       105296                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       105296                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::0          105296    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::total       105296                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count::total              2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size::total               1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedReq                     0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedResp                    0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespSuccess                1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy         1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy          700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                     63317                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8062.025465                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      598240                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     63317                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      9.448331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3324.068133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     4.143312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst   123.761951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data  1614.845393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     5.081739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.000113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst    44.093270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data  2710.522655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst    65.215470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data    13.086449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst     4.407095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.121719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst    24.640708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data     4.654907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst            5                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data     1.064122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     2.357846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.itb.walker     1.525786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst    68.853667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data    25.581131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.405770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.015108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.197125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.005382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.330874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.007961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.001597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.001953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.000538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.003008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.000568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.000610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.000130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.itb.walker     0.000186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.008405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.003123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.984134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          355                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          568                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7040                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.001587                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992065                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  75636486                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 75636486                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst       239348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        18770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst       336608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        15717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst          210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           74                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           49                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  620493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            70253                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 70253                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          130                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  156                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         1719                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         1925                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  3657                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst        239348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data         20489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst        336608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data         17642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst           210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data            80                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data            56                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   624150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4827                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           15                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst       239348                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data        20489                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4711                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           15                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst       336608                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data        17642                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst          210                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data           80                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          146                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data           56                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  624150                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst          371                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        13631                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst          455                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        23515                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst          148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst           93                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 38341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data      3814967                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data      3877594                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           43                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total            7692609                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       455489                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       536546                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           992037                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        16447                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         8882                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               25344                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst          371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data        30078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst          455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data        32397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst          148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst           93                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  63685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst          371                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data        30078                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst          455                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data        32397                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst          148                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data           49                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst           93                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data           17                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 63685                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      4394000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     48398500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1758427500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      5068500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     59116000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   3021264000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       249000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     19170000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      5153000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12202000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1621500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4935188000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     23034000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      6791500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        65500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     29891000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      7098500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       391500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       130500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      7620500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   2081984500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1117363999                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1371500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       438500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    3201158499                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      4394000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     48398500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   3840412000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      5068500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       124000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     59116000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   4138627999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       249000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     19170000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      6524500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12202000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2060000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       8136346499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      4394000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     48398500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   3840412000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      5068500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       124000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     59116000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   4138627999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       249000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     19170000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      6524500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12202000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2060000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      8136346499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst       239719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        32401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           16                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst       337063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        39232                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           62                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              658834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        70253                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             70253                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      3815097                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      3877618                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           43                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          7692765                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data       455508                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data       536554                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         992065                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        18166                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        10807                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             29001                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst       239719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data        50567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst       337063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data        50039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data           73                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               687835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst       239719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data        50567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           16                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst       337063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data        50039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data          129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data           73                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              687835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.006994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.001548                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.420697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.008419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.062500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.001350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.599383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.413408                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.339286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.389121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.209677                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.058195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.999966                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.999994                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.714286                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.999980                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.999958                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.999985                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.999972                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.905373                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.821875                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.647059                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.363636                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.873901                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.006994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.001548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.594815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.008419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.062500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.001350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.647435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.413408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.379845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.389121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.232877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.092588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.006994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.001548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.594815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.008419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.062500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.001350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.647435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.413408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.379845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.389121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.232877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.092588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 129235.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 130454.177898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 129002.090822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 126712.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       124000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 129925.274725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 128482.415479                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 129527.027027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 135605.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 131204.301075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 124730.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128718.291124                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     6.037798                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     1.751473                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  1523.255814                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total     3.885678                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    15.584350                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     0.729667                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        65250                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total     7.681669                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 126587.493160                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 125800.945620                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 124681.818182                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       109625                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126308.337240                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 129235.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 130454.177898                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 127681.760755                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 126712.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 129925.274725                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 127747.260518                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       124500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 129527.027027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 133153.061224                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 131204.301075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 121176.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 127759.229002                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 129235.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 130454.177898                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 127681.760755                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 126712.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 129925.274725                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 127747.260518                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       124500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 129527.027027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 133153.061224                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 131204.301075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 121176.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 127759.229002                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                50977                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     50977                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 44                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        13630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        23514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           93                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            38297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data      3814967                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data      3877594                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           43                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       7692609                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       455489                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       536546                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       992037                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        16447                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         8882                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          25344                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        30077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        32396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           49                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           93                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             63641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        30077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        32396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           49                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           93                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            63641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      3731500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     42358500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1608388500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      4446500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     52059500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   2762487000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       227000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     17542000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      4735000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     11179000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1478500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4508746000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 207702350754                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 211186755574                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2341500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       271500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 418891719328                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  24824094500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  29241706499                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       108500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  54065909499                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1901067500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1019661999                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1250500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       394500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2922374499                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      3731500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     42358500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   3509456000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      4446500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     52059500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   3782148999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       227000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     17542000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      5985500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     11179000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1873000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7431120499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      3731500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     42358500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   3509456000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      4446500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     52059500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   3782148999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       227000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     17542000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      5985500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     11179000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1873000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7431120499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      4399500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      4342000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        40000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        40000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      8821500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      2160000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      2140000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        20000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        50500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      4370500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      6559500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      6482000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        60000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        90500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     13192000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.006583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.001464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.420666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.007998                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.062500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.001296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.599358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.413408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.339286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.389121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.209677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.058128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.999966                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.999994                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999980                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.999958                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.999985                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999972                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.905373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.821875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.647059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.363636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.873901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.006583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.001464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.594795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.007998                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.062500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.001296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.647415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.413408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.379845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.389121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.232877                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.092524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.006583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.001464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.594795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.007998                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.062500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.001296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.647415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.413408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.379845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.389121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.232877                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.092524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 116609.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 120679.487179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 118003.558327                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 117013.157895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       113000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 119129.290618                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 117482.648635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 118527.027027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 124605.263158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 120204.301075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 113730.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117731.049429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54444.075336                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54463.349070                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54453.488372                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54300                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54453.790558                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54499.877055                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54499.905878                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        54250                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54499.892140                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 115587.493160                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 114800.945620                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 113681.818182                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        98625                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115308.337240                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 116609.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 120679.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 116682.381886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 117013.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 119129.290618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 116747.407056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 118527.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 122153.061224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 120204.301075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 110176.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116766.243444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 116609.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 120679.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 116682.381886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 117013.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 119129.290618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 116747.407056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 118527.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 122153.061224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 120204.301075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 110176.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116766.243444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                       1877                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples        15722                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        15722    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total         15722                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        12740                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean    255.979984                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   255.888598                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     2.259204                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             1      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        12739     99.99%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total        12740                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples        105296                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     3820939.067011                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    16444947.397893                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07       103444     98.24%     98.24% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          706      0.67%     98.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          278      0.26%     99.18% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          462      0.44%     99.61% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08          136      0.13%     99.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           75      0.07%     99.81% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08          182      0.17%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            2      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            4      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total          105296                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        3822362.254940      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                   4024832                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples       105296                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    3095456.617535                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   15063831.648903                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07       103885     98.66%     98.66% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          513      0.49%     99.15% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          216      0.21%     99.35% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          316      0.30%     99.65% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08          101      0.10%     99.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           78      0.07%     99.82% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08          178      0.17%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            2      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total         105296                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       3097130.625670      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                3261185                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples           15722                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       98723.616588                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      97664.480782                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev      18139.819147                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            1      0.01%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        14701     93.51%     93.51% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          130      0.83%     94.34% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          161      1.02%     95.36% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          178      1.13%     96.50% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          171      1.09%     97.58% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          214      1.36%     98.94% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%     98.94% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     98.94% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          166      1.06%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total             15722                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples               15722                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           66974289.594199                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          89900412.244928                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows             15722    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value            130000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value        1422053000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                 15722                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples             12740                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         82650738.540031                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        116207765.846034                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows           12740    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value          141000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value      1421877000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total               12740                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                 28462                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             36995657.683929                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            43458747.039764                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows               28462    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value              110000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value           498591000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                   28462                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples       105296                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.001596                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.039912                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0           105128     99.84%     99.84% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1              168      0.16%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total       105296                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples       105296                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0          105296    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total       105296                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples            105296                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean             0.149255                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            0.642159                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0                   95009     90.23%     90.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::1                    8432      8.01%     98.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::2                     714      0.68%     98.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::3                     268      0.25%     99.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::4                     261      0.25%     99.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::5                     210      0.20%     99.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::6                     134      0.13%     99.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::7                      74      0.07%     99.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8                     164      0.16%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::9                      17      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::10                      2      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::11                      1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::12                      4      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::13                      0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::14                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::15                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::17                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total              105296                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples           105296                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.120916                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           0.588431                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0-1               103885     98.66%     98.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2-3                  729      0.69%     99.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4-5                  316      0.30%     99.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6-7                  179      0.17%     99.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8-9                  178      0.17%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10-11                  4      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12-13                  3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14-15                  1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16-17                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18-19                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::20-21                  1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::22-23                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::24-25                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::26-27                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::28-29                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::30-31                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::32-33                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::34-35                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::36-37                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::38-39                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total             105296                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples        15815                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        15815    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total         15815                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        12734                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        12734    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total        12734                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples        105296                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     3844035.860811                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    16284553.004345                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07       103444     98.24%     98.24% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          711      0.68%     98.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          285      0.27%     99.19% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          470      0.45%     99.63% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08          129      0.12%     99.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           77      0.07%     99.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08          166      0.16%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            4      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            3      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            5      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total          105296                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        3844972.590121      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                   4048640                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples       105296                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    3093754.748518                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   15051987.877921                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07       103901     98.68%     98.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          510      0.48%     99.16% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          191      0.18%     99.34% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          329      0.31%     99.65% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08          115      0.11%     99.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           63      0.06%     99.82% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08          178      0.17%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            3      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total         105296                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       3095914.066557      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                3259904                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples           15815                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       98243.477711                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      97330.905366                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev      16744.270655                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            1      0.01%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            1      0.01%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        14840     93.83%     93.85% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          173      1.09%     94.94% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          148      0.94%     95.88% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          172      1.09%     96.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          152      0.96%     97.93% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          195      1.23%     99.16% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%     99.16% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.16% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          133      0.84%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total             15815                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples               15815                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           66580457.477079                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          88169756.551589                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows             15815    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value            130000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value        1421877000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                 15815                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples             12734                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         82689632.558505                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        117487388.259374                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows           12734    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value          120000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value      1566435000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total               12734                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                 28549                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             36882900.802130                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            43059132.831888                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows               28549    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value              113000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value           492276000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                   28549                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples       105296                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.001795                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.042329                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0           105107     99.82%     99.82% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1              189      0.18%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total       105296                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples       105296                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0          105296    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total       105296                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples            105296                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean             0.150158                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            0.636608                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0                   94840     90.07%     90.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::1                    8612      8.18%     98.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::2                     707      0.67%     98.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::3                     282      0.27%     99.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::4                     237      0.23%     99.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::5                     227      0.22%     99.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::6                     134      0.13%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::7                      79      0.08%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8                     146      0.14%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::9                      18      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::10                      4      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::11                      3      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::12                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::13                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::14                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::17                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total              105296                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples           105296                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.120850                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           0.587968                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                  96921     92.05%     92.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                   6980      6.63%     98.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                    510      0.48%     99.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                    191      0.18%     99.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                    188      0.18%     99.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                    141      0.13%     99.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                    115      0.11%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                     63      0.06%     99.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                    158      0.15%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                     20      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     3      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total             105296                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples        15851                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        15851    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total         15851                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        12791                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        12791    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total        12791                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples        105296                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     3852545.205896                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    16397765.566944                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07       103379     98.18%     98.18% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          778      0.74%     98.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          266      0.25%     99.17% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          484      0.46%     99.63% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08          124      0.12%     99.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           77      0.07%     99.82% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08          176      0.17%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            3      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            2      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total          105296                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        3853724.977933      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                   4057856                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples       105296                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    3107855.948944                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   14917400.862353                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07       103900     98.67%     98.67% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          492      0.47%     99.14% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          218      0.21%     99.35% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          318      0.30%     99.65% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08          117      0.11%     99.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           86      0.08%     99.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08          154      0.15%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            6      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total         105296                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       3109772.013926      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                3274496                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples           15851                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       98607.759763                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      97584.148420                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev      17777.932348                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            1      0.01%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            1      0.01%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        14822     93.51%     93.52% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          166      1.05%     94.57% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          136      0.86%     95.43% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          173      1.09%     96.52% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          182      1.15%     97.67% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          215      1.36%     99.02% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            1      0.01%     99.03% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.03% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          154      0.97%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total             15851                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples               15851                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           66429236.704309                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          88641321.107831                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows             15851    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value            130000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value        1424993000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                 15851                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples             12791                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         82321158.236260                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        115108800.600953                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows           12791    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value          136000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value      1421877000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total               12791                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                 28642                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             36763142.762377                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            42824991.361281                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows               28641    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value               65000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value           332337000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                   28642                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples       105296                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.001149                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.033880                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0           105175     99.89%     99.89% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1              121      0.11%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total       105296                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples       105296                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0          105296    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total       105296                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples            105296                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean             0.150490                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            0.640567                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0                   94900     90.13%     90.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::1                    8488      8.06%     98.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::2                     765      0.73%     98.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::3                     267      0.25%     99.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::4                     270      0.26%     99.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::5                     215      0.20%     99.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::6                     125      0.12%     99.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::7                      80      0.08%     99.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8                     161      0.15%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::9                      13      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::10                      3      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::11                      2      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::12                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::13                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::17                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::18                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total              105296                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples           105296                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.121401                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           0.582711                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                  96844     91.97%     91.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                   7056      6.70%     98.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                    492      0.47%     99.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                    218      0.21%     99.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                    177      0.17%     99.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                    141      0.13%     99.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                    117      0.11%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                     86      0.08%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                    135      0.13%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                     19      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     6      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total             105296                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples        15839                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        15839    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total         15839                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        12713                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        12713    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total        12713                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples        105296                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     3849627.716153                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    16349034.746213                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07       103435     98.23%     98.23% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          714      0.68%     98.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          288      0.27%     99.18% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          460      0.44%     99.62% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08          128      0.12%     99.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           85      0.08%     99.82% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08          176      0.17%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            5      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total          105296                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        3850807.515329      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                   4054784                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples       105296                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    3089621.638049                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   15074115.951924                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07       103856     98.63%     98.63% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          528      0.50%     99.13% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          233      0.22%     99.36% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          310      0.29%     99.65% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08          105      0.10%     99.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           72      0.07%     99.82% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08          182      0.17%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            3      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total         105296                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       3090808.507000      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                3254528                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples           15839                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       98462.724920                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      97474.499176                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev      17456.540434                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            2      0.01%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            1      0.01%      0.02% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        14851     93.76%     93.78% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          144      0.91%     94.69% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          137      0.86%     95.56% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          178      1.12%     96.68% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          187      1.18%     97.86% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          189      1.19%     99.05% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            1      0.01%     99.06% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.06% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          149      0.94%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total             15839                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples              1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean             11300                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11300.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total                1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples               15839                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           66479596.249763                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          88197863.497207                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows             15839    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value            130000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value        1421877000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                 15839                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples             12713                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         82826076.929128                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        120077725.956952                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows           12713    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value          130000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value      1589800000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total               12713                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                 28552                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             36879013.659288                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            43290728.544919                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows               28551    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value               75000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value           456787000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                   28552                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples       105296                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.001263                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.035518                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0           105163     99.87%     99.87% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1              133      0.13%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total       105296                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples       105296                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0          105296    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total       105296                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples            105296                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean             0.150376                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            0.637935                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-1                103436     98.23%     98.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::2-3                  1007      0.96%     99.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::4-5                   453      0.43%     99.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::6-7                   217      0.21%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8-9                   173      0.16%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::10-11                   5      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::12-13                   3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::14-15                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-17                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::18-19                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::20-21                   2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::22-23                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::24-25                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total              105296                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples           105296                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.120688                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           0.588833                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                  97011     92.13%     92.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                   6845      6.50%     98.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                    528      0.50%     99.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                    233      0.22%     99.36% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                    169      0.16%     99.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                    141      0.13%     99.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                    105      0.10%     99.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                     72      0.07%     99.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                    168      0.16%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                     14      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     3      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total             105296                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples        63329                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean             256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15               0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        63329    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total          63329                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        50978                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean     255.994998                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.972155                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev      1.129403                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15              1      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        50977    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         50978                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples         105296                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      15367147.849871                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean                0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     50491807.355055                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08       103476     98.27%     98.27% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08          410      0.39%     98.66% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08          388      0.37%     99.03% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08          979      0.93%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08           15      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08           13      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            4      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            5      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total           105296                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         15371867.338322      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                   16186112                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples        105296                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     12386688.953047                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    45529730.821225                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08       103685     98.47%     98.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08          545      0.52%     98.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08          530      0.50%     99.49% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08          447      0.42%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08           71      0.07%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            8      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            3      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total          105296                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        12393625.213152      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                13050113                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples            63227                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        107168.583042                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       106223.323272                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev       17589.545486                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-16383                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            4      0.01%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            4      0.01%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            0      0.00%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687        59508     94.12%     94.13% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          608      0.96%     95.09% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          584      0.92%     96.02% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          761      1.20%     97.22% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          683      1.08%     98.30% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607          472      0.75%     99.05% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            1      0.00%     99.05% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%     99.05% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759          602      0.95%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total              63227                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples               1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean              20500                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total                 1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples                63329                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            16626981.359251                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           17760132.461431                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                     9      0.01%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000                 6      0.01%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000                2      0.00%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000                6      0.01%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000                3      0.00%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000                3      0.00%      0.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000                6      0.01%      0.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000                4      0.01%      0.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000                4      0.01%      0.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000               11      0.02%      0.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000                7      0.01%      0.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000                3      0.00%      0.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000                2      0.00%      0.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000                4      0.01%      0.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000                3      0.00%      0.12% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000                3      0.00%      0.12% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000                3      0.00%      0.12% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000                6      0.01%      0.13% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000                3      0.00%      0.14% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000               3      0.00%      0.14% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows              63238     99.86%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value           58081000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                  63329                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples              50978                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          20655376.731139                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         27627855.711878                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000           1755      3.44%      3.44% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000              4      0.01%      3.45% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000              3      0.01%      3.46% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000              9      0.02%      3.47% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000              7      0.01%      3.49% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             18      0.04%      3.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000              9      0.02%      3.54% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             10      0.02%      3.56% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000              4      0.01%      3.57% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000              7      0.01%      3.58% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000              8      0.02%      3.60% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000              2      0.00%      3.60% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000              6      0.01%      3.61% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000              8      0.02%      3.63% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             10      0.02%      3.65% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000              6      0.01%      3.66% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000             6      0.01%      3.67% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            49106     96.33%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            16500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value        579854000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                50978                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                 114307                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              9211770.014085                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             15491683.294226                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                      19      0.02%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  12      0.01%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000                  7      0.01%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000               1862      1.63%      1.66% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 20      0.02%      1.68% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 86      0.08%      1.75% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000                100      0.09%      1.84% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 21      0.02%      1.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000                206      0.18%      2.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000                103      0.09%      2.13% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000                104      0.09%      2.22% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 52      0.05%      2.27% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 49      0.04%      2.31% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000                108      0.09%      2.40% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 23      0.02%      2.43% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 33      0.03%      2.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 36      0.03%      2.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 25      0.02%      2.51% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 38      0.03%      2.54% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000                29      0.03%      2.57% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows               111374     97.43%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value             57389000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                   114307                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       105296                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.006183                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.078386                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0            104645     99.38%     99.38% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1               651      0.62%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total        105296                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       105296                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0           105296    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total       105296                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples             105296                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean              0.601248                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean                    0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev             1.978561                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-3                 103304     98.11%     98.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::4-7                    340      0.32%     98.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::8-11                   323      0.31%     98.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::12-15                  311      0.30%     99.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::16-19                  971      0.92%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::20-23                   16      0.02%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::24-27                    7      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::28-31                    8      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-35                    3      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::36-39                    2      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::40-43                    7      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::44-47                    1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::48-51                    1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::52-55                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::56-59                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::60-63                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-67                    2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::68-71                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::72-75                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::76-79                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total               105296                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples            105296                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             0.483855                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            1.778505                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-3                103440     98.24%     98.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4-7                   473      0.45%     98.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8-11                  429      0.41%     99.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12-15                 418      0.40%     99.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-19                 425      0.40%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::20-23                  73      0.07%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::24-27                  23      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::28-31                   5      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-35                   1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::36-39                   3      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::40-43                   3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::44-47                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::48-51                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::52-55                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::56-59                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::60-63                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::64-67                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::68-71                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::72-75                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::76-79                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total              105296                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    93608889                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      1245                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                   38321475                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     2395                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                234                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                     143                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     6                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                93610134                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses               38323870                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                        131930364                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                           3640                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                    131934004                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                   382944965                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         9                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                234                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses               382944974                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                        382944965                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              9                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                    382944974                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2105939589                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  363112062                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    389364617                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            314961423                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    6554959                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     52876958                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   314961423                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          470459426                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         206750261                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads          1449843922                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          243761607                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    133268173                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   93754071                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  39514102                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                514.012000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              2105939074.988000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         70798688                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                257444356     65.89%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    2899      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                10      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                93754071     24.00%     89.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               39514102     10.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 390715440                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       7                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           239719                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          382702326                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           239719                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          1596.462216                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        766129649                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       766129649                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst    382705246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      382705246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst    382705246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       382705246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst    382705246                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      382705246                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst       239719                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       239719                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst       239719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        239719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst       239719                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       239719                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   3285601408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3285601408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   3285601408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3285601408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   3285601408                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3285601408                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst    382944965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    382944965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst    382944965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    382944965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst    382944965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    382944965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 13706.053371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13706.053371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 13706.053371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13706.053371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 13706.053371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13706.053371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst       239719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       239719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst       239719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       239719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst       239719                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       239719                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   2806071592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2806071592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   2806071592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2806071592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   2806071592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2806071592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 11705.670356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11705.670356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 11705.670356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11705.670356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 11705.670356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11705.670356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry              4089                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            55697                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          248.652642                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          114596650                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            55697                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs          2057.501302                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   248.652642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.971299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.971299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          243                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.949219                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        269494238                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       269494238                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data     86556252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       86556252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data     31977106                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      31977106                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        12402                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        12402                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      1528014                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1528014                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data       888123                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       888123                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data    118533358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       118533358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data    118545760                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      118545760                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data      4919625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      4919625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data      4757299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4757299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         1158                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1158                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       591219                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       591219                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       698815                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       698815                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data      9676924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       9676924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data      9678082                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      9678082                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 197930362962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 197930362962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 268570011487                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 268570011487                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  12660810000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total  12660810000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  36766176999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total  36766176999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 466500374449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 466500374449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 466500374449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 466500374449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data     91475877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     91475877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data     36734405                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     36734405                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        13560                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        13560                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      2119233                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      2119233                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      1586938                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1586938                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data    128210282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    128210282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data    128223842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    128223842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.053781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.053781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.129505                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.129505                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.085398                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.085398                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.278978                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.278978                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.440354                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.440354                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.075477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.075477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.075478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.075478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 40232.815095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40232.815095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 56454.305581                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56454.305581                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 21414.754939                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21414.754939                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 52612.174895                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52612.174895                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 48207.506275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48207.506275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 48201.738159                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48201.738159                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        37038                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            37038                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data         1149                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1149                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data      4919625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4919625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data      4757298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4757298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1158                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1158                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       590070                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       590070                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       698813                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total       698813                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data      9676923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      9676923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data      9678081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      9678081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 188091077034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 188091077034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 259055346013                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 259055346013                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     24479500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24479500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  11456976500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11456976500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  35368550001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35368550001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 447146423047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 447146423047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 447170902547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 447170902547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      8608000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      8608000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      3574000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3574000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     12182000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     12182000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.053781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.129505                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.129505                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.085398                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085398                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.278436                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278436                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.440353                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440353                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.075477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.075477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.075478                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.075478                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 38232.807792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38232.807792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54454.302844                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54454.302844                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 21139.464594                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21139.464594                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 19416.300608                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19416.300608                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 50612.324042                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50612.324042                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 46207.500364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46207.500364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 46204.500928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46204.500928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry              6391                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    93295957                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      1739                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                   34088895                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     1390                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                234                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                      79                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                    17                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                93297696                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses               34090285                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                        127384852                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                           3129                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                    127387981                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                   373954385                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                        10                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                234                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses               373954395                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                        373954385                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                             10                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                    373954395                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2105899098                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  355187168                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    378236272                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            303661004                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    5855143                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     53005592                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   303661004                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          448768462                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         198729045                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads          1415096946                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          237350291                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    128834259                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   93557937                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  35276322                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              40492.229420                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2105858605.770580                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.999981                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.000019                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         70427370                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                250856005     66.07%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    2803      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                12      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                93557937     24.64%     90.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               35276322      9.29%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 379693081                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           337063                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          373660938                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           337063                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          1108.578924                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        748245833                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       748245833                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst    373617322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      373617322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst    373617322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       373617322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst    373617322                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      373617322                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst       337063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       337063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst       337063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        337063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst       337063                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       337063                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   4535769430                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4535769430                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   4535769430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4535769430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   4535769430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4535769430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst    373954385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    373954385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst    373954385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    373954385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst    373954385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    373954385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000901                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000901                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 13456.740817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13456.740817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 13456.740817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13456.740817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 13456.740817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13456.740817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst       337063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       337063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst       337063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       337063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst       337063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       337063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   3861573570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3861573570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   3861573570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3861573570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   3861573570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3861573570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000901                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000901                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000901                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000901                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 11456.533556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11456.533556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 11456.533556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11456.533556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 11456.533556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11456.533556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry              3786                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements            52472                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          248.504044                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           41095090                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            52472                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           783.181316                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   248.504044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.970719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.970719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        260258266                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       260258266                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data     86535074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       86535074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data     27698351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      27698351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         6005                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         6005                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      1439986                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1439986                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data       800651                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       800651                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data    114233425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       114233425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data    114239430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      114239430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data      4722769                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      4722769                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data      4809746                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4809746                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         1014                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1014                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       590892                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       590892                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       779946                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       779946                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data      9532515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       9532515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data      9533529                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      9533529                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 195028823971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 195028823971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 276065989497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 276065989497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  12426159500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total  12426159500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  42280244000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total  42280244000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 471094813468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 471094813468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 471094813468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 471094813468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data     91257843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     91257843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data     32508097                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     32508097                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         7019                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         7019                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      2030878                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      2030878                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      1580597                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1580597                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data    123765940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    123765940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data    123772959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    123772959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.051752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.051752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.147955                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.147955                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.144465                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.144465                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.290954                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.290954                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.493450                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.493450                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.077021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.077021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.077024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.077024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 41295.440021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41295.440021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 57397.207565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57397.207565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 21029.493545                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21029.493545                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54209.193970                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54209.193970                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 49419.782027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49419.782027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 49414.525667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49414.525667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        33108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            33108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data          998                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          998                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data      4722769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4722769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data      4809746                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4809746                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1014                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1014                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       589894                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       589894                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       779945                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total       779945                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data      9532515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      9532515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data      9533529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      9533529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 185583258027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 185583258027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 266446494503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 266446494503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     18327000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18327000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  11229002500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11229002500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  40720354000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40720354000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 452029752530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 452029752530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 452048079530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 452048079530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      8639000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      8639000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      3474000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3474000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     12113000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     12113000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.051752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.147955                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.147955                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.144465                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144465                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.290463                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290463                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.493450                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.493450                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.077021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.077024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 39295.434104                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39295.434104                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 55397.206943                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55397.206943                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 18073.964497                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18073.964497                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 19035.627587                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19035.627587                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 52209.263474                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52209.263474                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 47419.778781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47419.778781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 47416.657518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47416.657518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry              6449                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                234                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                234                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          198.309515                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   198.309515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.774647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.774647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.773438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                234                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                234                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          156.525071                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   156.525071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.611426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.611426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.609375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                234                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                234                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          185.445765                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   185.445765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.724398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.724398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.722656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                        4916                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         1                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                       4037                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        1                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                234                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                    4917                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                   4038                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                             8953                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                         8955                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                       21987                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                234                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                   21987                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                            21987                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                        21987                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                      1600091688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                      21836                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                        25241                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                23093                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                       1218                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts         2584                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                       23093                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads              41456                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes             15999                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads               93061                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes               9513                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                         9634                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                       5061                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                      4573                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              1599975030.821680                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              116657.178320                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.000073                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.999927                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                             3818                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                    16268     62.60%     62.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                      79      0.30%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.02%     62.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                    5061     19.48%     82.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                   4573     17.60%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                     25987                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements              358                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs              22381                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs              358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs            62.516760                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses            44332                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses           44332                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst        21629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          21629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst        21629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total           21629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst        21629                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total          21629                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst          358                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          358                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst          358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total           358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst          358                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total          358                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     22843999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22843999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     22843999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     22843999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     22843999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     22843999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        21987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        21987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        21987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total        21987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        21987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total        21987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 63810.053073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63810.053073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 63810.053073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63810.053073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 63810.053073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63810.053073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     22127001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22127001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     22127001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     22127001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     22127001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     22127001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 61807.265363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61807.265363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 61807.265363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61807.265363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 61807.265363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61807.265363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                25                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements              148                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          204.478202                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs               8325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              148                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs            56.250000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   204.478202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.798743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.798743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.796875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            18086                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses           18086                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         4624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           4624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         3908                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          3908                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           55                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           55                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           57                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           57                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           59                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           59                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data         8532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total            8532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data         8587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total           8587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data          223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total           223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data          233                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total          233                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      6222500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6222500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      4650499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4650499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       820000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       820000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       161000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       161000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     10872999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     10872999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     10872999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     10872999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         4782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         3973                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         3973                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           65                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           65                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           67                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           67                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           63                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           63                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data         8755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total         8755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data         8820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total         8820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.033041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.016360                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016360                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.153846                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.153846                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.149254                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.149254                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.063492                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.063492                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.025471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.026417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 39382.911392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39382.911392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 71546.138462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71546.138462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        82000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        82000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        40250                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        40250                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 48757.843049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48757.843049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 46665.231760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46665.231760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           62                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total               62                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      5906500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5906500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      4519501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4519501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       820000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       820000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       153000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       153000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     10426001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10426001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     11246001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11246001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        94000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        94000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        31500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        31500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       125500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       125500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.033041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.016360                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016360                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.153846                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.153846                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.063492                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063492                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.025471                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025471                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.026417                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026417                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 37382.911392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37382.911392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 69530.784615                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69530.784615                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        82000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        82000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        38250                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        38250                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 46753.367713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46753.367713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 48266.098712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48266.098712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry                31                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                234                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                234                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          182.000025                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   182.000025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.710938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.710938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.710938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        2163                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         2                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       1925                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                234                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       1                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    2165                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   1925                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                             4088                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                         4090                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                       10161                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                234                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                   10161                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                            10161                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                        10161                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                      2105939596                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                       9963                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                        11887                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                10964                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                        696                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         1152                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       10964                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              19711                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes              7478                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads               43467                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes               4464                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                         4446                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       2252                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      2194                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              2105859323.997771                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              80272.002229                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.000038                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.999962                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                             1888                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                     7786     63.38%     63.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      47      0.38%     63.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     63.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     63.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     63.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     63.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.05%     63.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    2252     18.33%     82.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   2194     17.86%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                     12285                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              239                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs             163088                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              239                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs           682.376569                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            20561                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           20561                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst         9922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           9922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst         9922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total            9922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst         9922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total           9922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          239                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          239                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14733499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14733499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14733499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14733499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14733499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14733499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        10161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        10161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        10161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        10161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        10161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 61646.439331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61646.439331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 61646.439331                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61646.439331                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 61646.439331                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61646.439331                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14254501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14254501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14254501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14254501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14254501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14254501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 59642.263598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59642.263598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 59642.263598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59642.263598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 59642.263598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59642.263598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                15                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements               89                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          219.536448                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs               8133                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               89                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            91.382022                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   219.536448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.857564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.857564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             8294                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses            8294                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         1977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           1977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         1849                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          1849                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           24                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           24                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           41                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           41                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data         3826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total            3826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data         3850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total           3850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            8                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          137                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          137                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2686000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2686000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1067500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1067500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       228500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       228500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       115000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       115000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3753500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      3753500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3753500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      3753500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         2080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         1875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           32                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           32                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           49                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           49                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           48                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           48                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total         3955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.049519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013867                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013867                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.183673                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.183673                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.145833                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.145833                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.032617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.034362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 26077.669903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26077.669903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 41057.692308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41057.692308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 25388.888889                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25388.888889                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 16428.571429                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16428.571429                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 29096.899225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29096.899225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 27397.810219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27397.810219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           26                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2480000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2480000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1015500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1015500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       222500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       222500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         4000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         4000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       101000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       101000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3495500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3495500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3718000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3718000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        73500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        73500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       137500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       137500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.049519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013867                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013867                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.040816                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040816                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.145833                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.145833                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.032617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.034362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 24077.669903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24077.669903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 39057.692308                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39057.692308                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 27812.500000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27812.500000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 14428.571429                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14428.571429                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 27096.899225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27096.899225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 27138.686131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27138.686131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                18                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.offload_kernel 1052969795000 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -105826089.600000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       185711097.600000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -71390616.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       125281296.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -351464256.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       603930163.200000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -211918602.240000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       381058007.040000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -910417484759.039307
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       2071381251563.518799
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -265582847764.800018
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       603612811900.800049
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -2937834567408.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       6684721295904.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
total_sim_seconds                       1.05297
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       7917869971.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       3705875361.060871
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       618656484.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       192.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       141231764.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       187319321.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       74797191.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       718331029.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       919289055.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       405502783.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       192.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       12412016.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       0.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       618656484.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       192.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       756931517.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       19.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       756931498.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       577379.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       182740582.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       69248350.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       259335030.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       6773.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       9642655.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       9567136.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       48930793
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       63227.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       50977.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       132083.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       441925.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       339558.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       38297.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       1.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       0.000000
