sim_seconds                                  0.702851                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                702850587000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4445592679500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2320821                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2524504                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1574409091                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2617224                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   446.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1036065278                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1126993624                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.voltage_domain.voltage               1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.clk_domain.clock                   500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::total            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::total            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::total            1                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::total            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       503040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        13056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       489472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::total          1017344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        13056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::total        24064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::writebacks       819200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::total        819200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1965                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1912                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::total              3974                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::writebacks         3200                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::total             3200                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         6192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       715714                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        18576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       696410                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         5828                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         1093                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         3642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::total             1447454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         6192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        18576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         5828                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::total          34238                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::writebacks       1165539                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::total            1165539                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::writebacks       1165539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         6192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       715714                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        18576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       696410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         5828                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         1093                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         3642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::total            2612993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                      3974                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                     3200                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                   31792                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                  25600                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM              1017120                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ                   224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                818688                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys               1017344                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys             819200                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                    7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            6                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0            3888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2            3912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3            4040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4            3945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5            4128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6            4016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0            3208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1            3232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2            3120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3            3191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4            3153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5            3280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6            3224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7            3176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                702849584000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5               31792                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5              25600                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0                  3958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1                  3957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2                  3957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3                  3959                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4                  3959                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5                  3959                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6                  3964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7                  3971                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10                   16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                 1029                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                 1031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                 1034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                 1034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                 1034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                 1035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                 1039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                 1039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                 1039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                 1038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                 1035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                 1035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                 1035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                 1034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                 1066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                 1114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                 1114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                 1113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                 1113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                 1115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                 1115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                 1115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                 1079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                 1031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                   18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                   18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                   18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                   16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                   16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                   16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                   16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                   16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::samples         8289                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.475208                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.399864                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.587897                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1019     12.29%     12.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::64-95           52      0.63%     12.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::96-127           42      0.51%     13.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::128-159           13      0.16%     13.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::160-191           45      0.54%     14.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::192-223           55      0.66%     14.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::224-255          991     11.96%     26.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6072     73.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::total         8289                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1028                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::mean    30.880350                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    29.151503                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.274061                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             3      0.29%      0.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           94      9.14%      9.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          396     38.52%     47.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          293     28.50%     76.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          129     12.55%     89.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           67      6.52%     95.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           25      2.43%     97.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::64-65           10      0.97%     98.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            2      0.19%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            6      0.58%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.10%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.10%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::112-113            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::total         1028                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1028                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.887160                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.773338                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.586556                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::24            917     89.20%     89.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::32            108     10.51%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::40              3      0.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::total         1028                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat                  880525374                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat            1419281124                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat                101712000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                   27702.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat              44652.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                       1.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       1.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                    1.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    1.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                    31.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits                  27778                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                 21302                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate              83.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                 97971784.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                  85.53                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::IDLE 640238958359                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::REF   61757746200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT     853883252                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::0          2844374.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::1          2892758.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::2          2938723.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::3          2916950.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::0               1918824                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::1               1951464                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::2          1982472.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::3               1967784                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::0         9213235.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::1         9429388.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::2         9545203.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::3         9420902.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::0        5908930.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::1        5918883.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::2             5982336                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::3        5918883.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::0      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::1      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::2      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::3      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::0      7355062232.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::1      7355593782.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::2      7356782136.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::3      7356872206.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::0       81377306544                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::1       81376840272                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::2       81375797856                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::3       81375718848                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::0        113970216670.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::1        113970589079.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::2        113970991256.640015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::3        113970778104                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::0          77.858156                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::1          77.858411                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::2          77.858685                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::3          77.858540                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       501504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         7680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       487936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total          1005056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::total        13312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::writebacks       816128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total        816128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1959                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1906                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total              3926                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::writebacks         3188                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total             3188                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1457                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         4371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       713529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          728                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        10927                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       694224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         2185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          728                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1457                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total             1429971                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         4371                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        10927                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2185                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1457                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::total          18940                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::writebacks       1161169                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total            1161169                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::writebacks       1161169                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         4371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       713529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          728                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        10927                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       694224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         2185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          728                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total            2591140                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                      3926                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                     3188                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                   31408                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                  25504                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM              1005056                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten                816128                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys               1005056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys             816128                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          115                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0            3992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1            3960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2            3888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3            3904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5            3984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6            3864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7            3880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0            3160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1            3184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2            3193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3            3183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4            3168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5            3248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6            3192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7            3176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                702982394000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5               31408                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5              25504                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0                  3903                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1                  3903                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2                  3906                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3                  3908                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4                  3909                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5                  3913                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6                  3914                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7                  3922                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10                   20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11                   18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12                   17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14                   12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                 1025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                 1025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                 1026                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                 1026                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                 1026                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                 1026                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                 1031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                 1031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                 1031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                 1032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                 1031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                 1032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                 1032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                 1033                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                 1069                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                 1113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                 1113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                 1112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                 1112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                 1111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                 1111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                 1110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                 1069                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                 1025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                   19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                   19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                   19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                   19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                   19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                   19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                   19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                   19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::samples         8173                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::mean   222.829316                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::gmean   192.974033                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::stdev    73.848304                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1006     12.31%     12.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::64-95           30      0.37%     12.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::96-127           17      0.21%     12.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::128-159           13      0.16%     13.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::160-191           21      0.26%     13.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::192-223           29      0.35%     13.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::224-255          992     12.14%     25.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6065     74.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::total         8173                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1025                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::mean    30.626341                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.033414                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::0-1             1      0.10%      0.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             4      0.39%      0.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           79      7.71%      8.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          426     41.56%     49.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          293     28.59%     78.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          119     11.61%     89.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           54      5.27%     95.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           22      2.15%     97.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::64-65           10      0.98%     98.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::72-73           11      1.07%     99.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            6      0.59%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::total         1025                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1025                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.881951                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.765566                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.628479                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::24            917     89.46%     89.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::32            103     10.05%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::40              5      0.49%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::total         1025                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  870913748                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat            1403279348                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                100505600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                   27729.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat              44679.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                       1.43                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       1.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                    1.43                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    1.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     8.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                    31.34                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits                  27453                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                 21286                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate               87.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate              83.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                 98816754.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                  85.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::IDLE 640243839331                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::REF   61757746200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT     849016030                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::0          2837116.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::1               2845584                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::2          2922393.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::3          2858889.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::0          1913928.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::1               1919640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::2               1971456                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::3               1928616                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::0              9464832                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::1         9173798.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::2         9481804.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::3         9217228.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::0        5935472.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::1        5856261.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::2        6064865.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::3        5882388.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::0      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::1      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::2      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::3      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::0      7354402090.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::1      7356880578.240001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::2      7356617593.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::3        7356279096                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::0       81377885616                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::1       81375711504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::2       81375942192                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::3       81376239120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::0        113970401585.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::1        113970349895.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::2        113970962834.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::3        113970367868.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::0          77.858283                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::1          77.858247                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::2          77.858666                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::3          77.858260                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       502528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         7936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       494848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::total          1015296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::total        13568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::writebacks       821504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::total        821504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1963                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1933                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::total              3966                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::writebacks         3209                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::total             3209                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         2550                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       714986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1457                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        11291                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       704059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         1821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          728                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::total             1444540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2550                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        11291                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1821                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::total          19304                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::writebacks       1168817                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::total            1168817                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::writebacks       1168817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         2550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       714986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        11291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       704059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         1821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          728                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::total            2613358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                      3966                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                     3209                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                   31728                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                  25672                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM              1015296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten                821248                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys               1015296                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys             821504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            7                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0            3976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1            3984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2            3952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3            3888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4            3952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5            3976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6            4040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7            3960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0            3200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1            3208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2            3200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3            3168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4            3191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5            3216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6            3272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7            3209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                702851433000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5               31728                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5              25672                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0                  3962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1                  3962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2                  3962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3                  3963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4                  3964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5                  3964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6                  3964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7                  3964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                 1049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                 1054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                 1055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                 1055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                 1056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                 1056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                 1055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                 1055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                 1054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                 1054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                 1054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                 1069                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                 1102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                 1100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                 1100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                 1101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                 1100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                 1099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                 1099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                 1083                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                 1050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::samples         8304                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.163776                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::gmean   190.824933                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.890590                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1035     12.46%     12.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::64-95           52      0.63%     13.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::96-127           35      0.42%     13.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::128-159           19      0.23%     13.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::160-191           36      0.43%     14.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::192-223           52      0.63%     14.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1020     12.28%     27.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6055     72.92%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::total         8304                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1050                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::mean    30.194286                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    28.706772                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    10.278132                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             3      0.29%      0.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           77      7.33%      7.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          467     44.48%     52.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          278     26.48%     78.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          127     12.10%     90.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           61      5.81%     96.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           19      1.81%     98.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            9      0.86%     99.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            5      0.48%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            3      0.29%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::total         1050                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1050                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.441905                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.381145                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.885916                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      0.19%      0.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::24            990     94.29%     94.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::32             57      5.43%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::40              1      0.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::total         1050                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat                  916473968                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat            1454263568                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat                101529600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                   28885.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat              45835.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                       1.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       1.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                    1.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    1.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                    31.24                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits                  27704                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                 21384                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate               87.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate              83.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                 97958387.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                  85.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::IDLE 640227805836                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::REF   61757746200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT     865049525                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::0          3008275.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::1          2983478.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::2          3012508.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::3               3093552                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::0          2029392.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::1               2012664                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::2          2032248.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::3               2086920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::0         9950054.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::1         9813273.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::2         9718924.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::3         10112294.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::0        6180986.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::1             6137856                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::2        6141173.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::3        6241121.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::0      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::1      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::2      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::3      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::0      7356865420.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::1      7356453433.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::2      7357419953.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::3      7358847543.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::0       81375724800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::1       81376086192                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::2       81375238368                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::3       81373986096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::0        113971721458.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::1        113971449427.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::2        113971525705.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::3        113972330056.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::0          77.859184                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::1          77.858998                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::2          77.859051                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::3          77.859600                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       504576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         8448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       491008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::total          1013504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         8448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::total        16640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::writebacks       819200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::total        819200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1918                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::total              3959                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::writebacks         3200                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::total             3200                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         5099                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       717899                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        12020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       698595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         4371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         1457                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         2185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::total             1441991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         5099                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        12020                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         4371                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2185                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::total          23675                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::writebacks       1165539                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::total            1165539                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::writebacks       1165539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         5099                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       717899                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        12020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       698595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         4371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         1457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         2185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::total            2607530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                      3959                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                     3200                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                   31672                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                  25600                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM              1013504                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                819200                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys               1013504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys             819200                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          145                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0            3896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1            3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2            3904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3            3984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5            4096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7            3952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0            3209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1            3248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2            3128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3            3167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4            3168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5            3240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6            3224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7            3216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                702847475000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5               31672                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5              25600                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0                  3943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1                  3943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2                  3943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3                  3944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4                  3944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5                  3944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6                  3944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7                  3958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10                   16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                 1041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                 1042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                 1042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                 1043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                 1043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                 1044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                 1046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                 1046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                 1046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                 1048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                 1046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                 1075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                 1106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                 1106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                 1104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                 1103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                 1103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                 1103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                 1103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                 1072                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                 1041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::samples         8351                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::mean   219.459226                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::gmean   189.030312                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.681151                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1023     12.25%     12.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::64-95          103      1.23%     13.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::96-127           54      0.65%     14.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::128-159           30      0.36%     14.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::160-191           61      0.73%     15.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::192-223           98      1.17%     16.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::224-255          988     11.83%     28.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5994     71.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::total         8351                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1041                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::mean    30.409222                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    10.518375                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::0-1             1      0.10%      0.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             7      0.67%      0.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           83      7.97%      8.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          415     39.87%     48.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          308     29.59%     78.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          135     12.97%     91.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           45      4.32%     95.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           26      2.50%     97.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::64-65           15      1.44%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            3      0.29%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.10%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.10%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::total         1041                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1041                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.591739                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.511611                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.181101                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::24            967     92.89%     92.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::32             71      6.82%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::40              3      0.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::total         1041                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat                  873031908                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat            1409872308                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat                101350400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                   27564.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat              44514.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                       1.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       1.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                    1.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    1.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     8.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                    31.24                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits                  27654                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                 21267                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate               87.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate              83.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                 98176767.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                  85.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::IDLE 640209592444                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::REF   61757746200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT     883262917                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::0          2861308.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::1          2892153.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::2               2948400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::3          2939932.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::0          1930248.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::1               1951056                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::2               1989000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::3          1983288.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::0              9205248                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::1         9302092.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::2         9541209.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::3         9376972.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::0        5952476.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::1        5942108.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::2        6018416.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::3        5952061.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::0      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::1      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::2      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::3      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::0      7355452878.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::1      7355735343.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::2      7357474509.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::3      7358419031.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::0       81376963872                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::1       81376716096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::2       81375190512                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::3       81374361984                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::0        113970328560.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::1        113970501379.200012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::2        113971124576.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::3        113970995799.360016                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::0          77.858233                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::1          77.858351                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::2          77.858776                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::3          77.858689                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       503296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         8448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       490752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::total          1015296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         8448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::total        20224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::writebacks       819456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::total        819456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1966                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::total              3966                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::writebacks         3201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::total             3201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         8013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       716078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        12020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       698231                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         5828                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         1093                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         2914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::total             1444540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         8013                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        12020                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         5828                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2914                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::total          28774                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::writebacks       1165904                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::total            1165904                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::writebacks       1165904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         8013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       716078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        12020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       698231                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         5828                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         1093                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         2914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::total            2610444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                      3966                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                     3201                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                   31728                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                  25608                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM              1015296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                819456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys               1015296                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys             819456                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         1142                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0            3984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2            3904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3            4048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4            3976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5            4016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6            3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7            3912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0            3240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1            3192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2            3176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3            3185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4            3167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5            3208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6            3240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7            3200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                702986160000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5               31728                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5              25608                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0                  3954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1                  3954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2                  3954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3                  3954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4                  3954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5                  3954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6                  3957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7                  3963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10                   12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11                   12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12                   12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13                   12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                 1042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                 1042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                 1043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                 1043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                 1043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                 1044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                 1048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                 1049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                 1048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                 1048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                 1048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                 1073                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                 1101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                 1099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                 1101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                 1101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                 1101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                 1101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                 1101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                 1074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                 1046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                   12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::samples         8339                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::mean   220.020626                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::gmean   189.445524                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.557978                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1037     12.44%     12.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::64-95           87      1.04%     13.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::96-127           40      0.48%     13.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::128-159           21      0.25%     14.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::160-191           45      0.54%     14.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::192-223           83      1.00%     15.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1010     12.11%     27.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6016     72.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::total         8339                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1043                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::mean    30.419942                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    28.703098                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.268323                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             3      0.29%      0.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           98      9.40%      9.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          431     41.32%     51.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          294     28.19%     79.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          109     10.45%     89.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           52      4.99%     94.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           30      2.88%     97.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::64-65           15      1.44%     98.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            5      0.48%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            3      0.29%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::88-89            2      0.19%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::112-113            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::total         1043                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1043                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.552253                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.472562                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.175130                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.10%      0.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::24            973     93.29%     93.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::32             65      6.23%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::40              4      0.38%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::total         1043                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat                  931901352                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat            1469690952                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat                101529600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                   29371.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat              46321.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                       1.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       1.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                    1.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    1.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     8.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                    31.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits                  27684                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                 21313                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate               87.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate              83.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                 98086529.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                  85.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::IDLE 640222447317                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::REF   61757746200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT     870408044                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::0          2859494.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::1          2925417.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::2               2945376                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::3          2933884.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::0               1929024                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::1               1973496                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::2               1986960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::3          1979208.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::0         9393446.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::1         9410419.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::2         9645043.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::3         9313574.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::0        5925519.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::1        5972382.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::2        5968650.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::3        5978603.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::0      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::1      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::2      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::3      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::0      7354135056.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::1      7358164692.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::2      7357140060.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::3      7358171860.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::0       81378119856                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::1       81374585088                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::2       81375483888                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::3       81374578800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::0        113970324926.400009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::1        113970994025.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::2        113971132507.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::3        113970918460.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::0          77.858230                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::1          77.858687                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::2          77.858782                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::3          77.858636                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       502528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        13056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       490240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total          1017600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        13056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::total        21504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::writebacks       820736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total        820736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1963                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total              3975                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::writebacks         3206                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total             3206                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         5099                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       714986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1093                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        18576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       697502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         4371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          728                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         2550                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          728                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total             1447818                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         5099                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        18576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         4371                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2550                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::total          30595                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::writebacks       1167725                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total            1167725                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::writebacks       1167725                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         5099                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       714986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1093                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        18576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       697502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         4371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          728                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         2550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          728                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total            2615543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                      3975                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                     3206                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                   31800                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                  25648                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM              1017600                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                820992                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys               1017600                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys             820736                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           68                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0            3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1            4008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2            4016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4            3960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5            4008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6            3904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7            4040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0            3200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1            3184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2            3168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3            3208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4            3192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5            3232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6            3232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7            3240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                702988076000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5               31800                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5              25648                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0                  3962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1                  3962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2                  3962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3                  3962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4                  3962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5                  3962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6                  3964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7                  3969                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                 1029                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                 1029                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                 1030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                 1031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                 1031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                 1033                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                 1035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                 1035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                 1037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                 1037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                 1038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                 1038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                 1038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                 1036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                 1069                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                 1114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                 1113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                 1113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                 1111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                 1110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                 1110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                 1110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                 1075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                 1030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                   27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                   27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                   27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                   27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                   27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                   27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                   27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                   27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::samples         8248                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::mean   222.913676                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::gmean   193.352151                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::stdev    73.581326                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1001     12.14%     12.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::64-95           25      0.30%     12.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::96-127           32      0.39%     12.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::128-159           18      0.22%     13.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::160-191           33      0.40%     13.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::192-223           24      0.29%     13.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::224-255          992     12.03%     25.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6123     74.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::total         8248                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1030                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::mean    30.866019                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    29.076958                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.486398                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             3      0.29%      0.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           95      9.22%      9.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          413     40.10%     49.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          277     26.89%     76.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          122     11.84%     88.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           71      6.89%     95.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           20      1.94%     97.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::64-65           14      1.36%     98.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            9      0.87%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            3      0.29%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::88-89            2      0.19%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::total         1030                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1030                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.908738                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.791024                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.635893                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::24            917     89.03%     89.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::32            109     10.58%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::40              4      0.39%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::total         1030                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  875404892                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat            1414414892                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                101760000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                   27528.46                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat              44478.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                       1.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       1.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                    1.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    1.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     8.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                    31.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits                  27795                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                 21413                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate               87.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate              83.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                 97895568.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                  85.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::IDLE 640239625814                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::REF   61757746200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT     853229547                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::0          2861913.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::1          2812924.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::2          2938118.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::3          2867961.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::0               1930656                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::1          1897608.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::2               1982064                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::3               1934736                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::0         9475315.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::1              9265152                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::2         9541209.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::3         9209241.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::0        5912248.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::1        5866214.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::2        6088089.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::3        5862481.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::0      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::1      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::2      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::3      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::0      7355317610.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::1      7354087176.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::2      7356750454.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::3      7357862036.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::0       81377082528                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::1       81378161856                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::2       81375825648                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::3       81374850576                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::0        113970542801.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::1        113970053461.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::2        113971088112.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::3        113970549562.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::0          77.858379                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::1          77.858045                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::2          77.858752                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::3          77.858384                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       501504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         7680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       489984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::total          1006592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::total        14080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::writebacks       814848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::total        814848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1959                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1914                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::total              3932                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::writebacks         3183                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::total             3183                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         3278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       713529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        10927                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       697138                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         1093                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         2550                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::total             1432156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        10927                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2550                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::total          20033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::writebacks       1159347                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::total            1159347                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::writebacks       1159347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         3278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       713529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        10927                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       697138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         1093                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         2550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::total            2591504                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                      3932                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                     3183                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                   31456                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                  25464                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM              1006368                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ                   224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten                814592                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys               1006592                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys             814848                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                    7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            5                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1            3904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2            3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3            3896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4            3913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5            3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6            4000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7            3904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0            3209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1            3168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2            3160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3            3175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4            3144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5            3224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6            3224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7            3152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                702849365000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5               31456                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5              25464                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0                  3916                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1                  3915                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2                  3915                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3                  3916                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4                  3917                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5                  3919                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6                  3920                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7                  3927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10                   16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13                   12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                 1020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                 1020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                 1022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                 1024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                 1024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                 1025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                 1027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                 1027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                 1028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                 1030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                 1031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                 1029                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                 1029                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                 1028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                 1061                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                 1122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                 1121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                 1119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                 1116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                 1116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                 1116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                 1116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                 1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                 1020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                   14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                   14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                   14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                   14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                   14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                   14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                   14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                   14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::samples         8220                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.527981                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.326556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.655033                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1017     12.37%     12.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::64-95           56      0.68%     13.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::96-127           28      0.34%     13.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::128-159           13      0.16%     13.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::160-191           33      0.40%     13.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::192-223           55      0.67%     14.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::224-255          999     12.15%     26.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6019     73.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::total         8220                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1020                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::mean    30.816667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.703095                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::0-1             3      0.29%      0.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             7      0.69%      0.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::16-17          102     10.00%     10.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          363     35.59%     46.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          310     30.39%     76.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          123     12.06%     89.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           70      6.86%     95.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           15      1.47%     97.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::64-65           11      1.08%     98.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            5      0.49%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            8      0.78%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.10%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.10%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::total         1020                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1020                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.956863                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.831035                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.715510                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.10%      0.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::24            900     88.24%     88.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::32            115     11.27%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::40              4      0.39%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::total         1020                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat                  891190818                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat            1424251368                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat                100636800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                   28337.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat              45287.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                       1.43                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       1.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                    1.43                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    1.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     8.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                    31.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits                  27483                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                 21202                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate              83.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                 98784169.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                  85.54                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::IDLE 640226099887                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::REF   61757746200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT     866741724                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::0          2874009.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::1          2846188.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::2          2927836.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::3               2951424                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::0               1938816                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::1          1920048.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::2          1975128.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::3               1991040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::0         9441868.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::1         9206246.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::2              9449856                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::3         9596620.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::0        5912663.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::1        5865799.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::2        5988556.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::3        5995192.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::0      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::1      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::2      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::3      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::0      7355428145.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::1      7356611957.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::2      7356888731.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::3      7357442552.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::0       81376985568                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::1       81375947136                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::2       81375704352                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::3       81375218544                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::0        113970543600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::1        113970359905.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::2        113970896990.400009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::3        113971157903.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::0          77.858380                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::1          77.858254                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::2          77.858621                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::3          77.858799                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       502272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        10496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       488704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::total          1012736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        10496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::total        18176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::writebacks       818176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::total        818176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1962                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1909                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::total              3956                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::writebacks         3196                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::total             3196                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         5099                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       714621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1457                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        14933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       695317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         2550                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1093                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::total             1440898                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         5099                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        14933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2550                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::total          25860                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::writebacks       1164082                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::total            1164082                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::writebacks       1164082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         5099                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       714621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        14933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       695317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         2550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1093                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::total            2604980                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                      3956                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                     3196                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                   31648                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                  25568                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM              1012736                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten                817920                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys               1012736                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys             818176                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      2742871                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0            3912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2            3912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3            4000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4            4064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5            3952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6            3960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7            3912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0            3192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1            3192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2            3225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3            3175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4            3200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5            3200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6            3224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7            3152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                703009037000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5               31648                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5              25568                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0                  3937                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1                  3937                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2                  3937                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3                  3937                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4                  3937                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5                  3937                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6                  3940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7                  3955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10                   19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11                   19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12                   19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13                   19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14                   16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                 1027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                 1028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                 1030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                 1030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                 1031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                 1031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                 1037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                 1038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                 1038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                 1038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                 1037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                 1037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                 1036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                 1036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                 1119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                 1120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                 1119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                 1118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                 1119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                 1119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                 1119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                 1091                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                 1029                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                   11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                   11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                   11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                   10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                   10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                   10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                   10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                   10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::samples         8302                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::mean   220.507829                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::gmean   190.195721                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.162963                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1022     12.31%     12.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::64-95           79      0.95%     13.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::96-127           42      0.51%     13.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::128-159           19      0.23%     14.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::160-191           43      0.52%     14.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::192-223           91      1.10%     15.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::224-255          983     11.84%     27.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6023     72.55%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::total         8302                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1026                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::mean    30.822612                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.266082                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::0-1             2      0.19%      0.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::8-9            11      1.07%      1.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           88      8.58%      9.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          391     38.11%     47.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          273     26.61%     74.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          154     15.01%     89.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           58      5.65%     95.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           29      2.83%     98.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::64-65           10      0.97%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            4      0.39%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            4      0.39%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.10%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::total         1026                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1026                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.912281                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.789480                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.710432                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::24            916     89.28%     89.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::32            103     10.04%     99.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::40              7      0.68%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::total         1026                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat                  866210236                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat            1402643836                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat                101273600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                   27370.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat              44320.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                       1.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       1.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                    1.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    1.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                    31.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits                  27625                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                 21281                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate               87.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate              83.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                 98295447.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                  85.48                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::IDLE 640242642817                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::REF   61757746200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT     850212544                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::0          2819577.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::1          2869171.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::2          2893363.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::3          2883081.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::0               1902096                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::1               1935552                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::2               1951872                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::3               1944936                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::0         9129369.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::1              9257664                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::2         9314073.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::3         9289113.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::0        5869117.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::1        5915980.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::2        5945425.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::3        5882388.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::0      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::1      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::2      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::3      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::0      7354396016.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::1      7355308199.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::2      7356532559.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::3      7356998937.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::0       81377890944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::1       81377090784                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::2       81376016784                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::3       81375607680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::0        113969969650.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::1        113970339880.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::2        113970616607.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::3        113970568666.560013                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::0          77.857988                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::1          77.858240                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::2          77.858429                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::3          77.858397                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       505600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         9728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       492288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::total          1015808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         9728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::total        17408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::writebacks       820736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::total        820736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1975                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1923                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::total              3968                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::writebacks         3206                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::total             3206                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         4371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       719356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        13841                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       700416                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         2914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::total             1445269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         4371                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        13841                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2914                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::total          24768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::writebacks       1167725                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::total            1167725                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::writebacks       1167725                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         4371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       719356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        13841                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       700416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         2914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::total            2612993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                      3968                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                     3206                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                   31744                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                  25648                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM              1015808                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                820736                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys               1015808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys             820736                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           12                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1            3896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2            3960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3            4040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4            3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5            4032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6            4008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7            3944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0            3224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1            3192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2            3160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3            3199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4            3176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5            3240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6            3256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7            3201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                702850704000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5               31744                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5              25648                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0                  3951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1                  3951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2                  3952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3                  3953                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4                  3953                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5                  3953                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6                  3955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7                  3959                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10                   16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                 1038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                 1039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                 1040                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                 1041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                 1041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                 1042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                 1044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                 1044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                 1046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                 1046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                 1074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                 1112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                 1111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                 1112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                 1111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                 1110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                 1109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                 1108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                 1079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                 1041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                   11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                   10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::samples         8313                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::mean   220.924335                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::gmean   190.804759                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.810059                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1024     12.32%     12.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::64-95           50      0.60%     12.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::96-127           46      0.55%     13.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::128-159           41      0.49%     13.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::160-191           45      0.54%     14.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::192-223           57      0.69%     15.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1001     12.04%     27.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6049     72.77%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::total         8313                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1039                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::mean    30.537055                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    28.980183                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    10.561879                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             1      0.10%      0.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           89      8.57%      8.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          422     40.62%     49.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          293     28.20%     77.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          133     12.80%     90.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           60      5.77%     96.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           23      2.21%     98.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            5      0.48%     98.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            9      0.87%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            3      0.29%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::total         1039                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1039                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.685274                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.592128                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.342554                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.10%      0.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.10%      0.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::24            950     91.43%     91.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::32             84      8.08%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::40              3      0.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::total         1039                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat                  951993416                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat            1490054216                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat                101580800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                   29989.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat              46939.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                       1.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       1.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                    1.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    1.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                    31.30                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits                  27716                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                 21363                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate               87.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate              83.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                 97971940.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                  85.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::IDLE 640239196328                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::REF   61757746200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT     853734533                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::0          2855865.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::1               2972592                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::2          2973801.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::3          2965939.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::0               1926576                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::1               2005320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::2               2006136                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::3          2000832.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::0         9458342.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::1              9856704                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::2         9585139.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::3              9582144                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::0        5938790.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::1        5988556.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::2        6048276.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::3        6055326.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::0      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::1      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::2      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::3      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::0      7352715510.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::1      7355829899.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::2      7357229144.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::3      7357592211.840001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::0       81379365072                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::1       81376633152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::2       81375405744                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::3       81375087264                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::0        113970222686.400009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::1        113971248753.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::2        113971210771.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::3        113971246247.039993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::0          77.858160                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::1          77.858861                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::2          77.858835                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::3          77.858860                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       503040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       492032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total          1010688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::total        11520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::writebacks       820224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total        820224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1965                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1922                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total              3948                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::writebacks         3204                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total             3204                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         2550                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       715714                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          728                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         7649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       700052                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         2550                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         2550                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          728                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total             1437984                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2550                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7649                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2550                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::total          16390                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::writebacks       1166996                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total            1166996                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::writebacks       1166996                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         2550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       715714                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          728                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         7649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       700052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         2550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         2550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          728                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total            2604980                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                      3948                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                     3204                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                   31584                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                  25632                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM              1010688                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten                819712                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys               1010688                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys             820224                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          143                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1            3976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2            3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3            3912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4            3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5            3960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6            3912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7            3992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0            3176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1            3208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2            3168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3            3207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4            3176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5            3249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6            3200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7            3232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                702999493000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5               31584                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5              25632                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0                  3934                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1                  3934                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2                  3934                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3                  3934                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4                  3934                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5                  3934                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6                  3936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7                  3948                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14                   12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                 1035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                 1036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                 1037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                 1037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                 1037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                 1037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                 1039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                 1041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                 1042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                 1042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                 1044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                 1071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                 1109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                 1107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                 1107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                 1104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                 1103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                 1103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                 1103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                 1075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                 1035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                   20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                   19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                   19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                   19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                   19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                   19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                   19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                   19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::samples         8262                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.544420                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.390969                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.620828                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1021     12.36%     12.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::64-95           50      0.61%     12.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::96-127           35      0.42%     13.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::128-159           15      0.18%     13.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::160-191           39      0.47%     14.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::192-223           54      0.65%     14.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::224-255          989     11.97%     26.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6059     73.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::total         8262                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1034                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::mean    30.499033                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    28.874392                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    10.802750                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             2      0.19%      0.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           95      9.19%      9.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          409     39.56%     48.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          310     29.98%     78.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          119     11.51%     90.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           45      4.35%     94.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           31      3.00%     97.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::64-65           12      1.16%     98.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            6      0.58%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            4      0.39%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::total         1034                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1034                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.773694                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.669410                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.493175                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::24            939     90.81%     90.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::32             90      8.70%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::40              5      0.48%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::total         1034                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  877967776                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat            1413316576                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                101068800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                   27797.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat              44747.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                       1.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       1.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                    1.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    1.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                    31.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits                  27603                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                 21335                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate               87.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate              83.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                 98294112.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                  85.53                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::IDLE 640211742271                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::REF   61757746200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT     881113090                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::0          2861308.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::1          2866147.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::2          2923603.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::3          2914531.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::0          1930248.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::1               1933512                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::2          1972272.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::3          1966152.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::0         9421900.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::1         9354009.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::2         9461337.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::3         9380966.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::0        5942108.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::1        5879070.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::2        6035420.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::3        6015098.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::0      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::1      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::2      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::3      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::0      7355843305.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::1      7356827499.840001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::2      7357684798.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::3      7357006105.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::0       81376621392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::1       81375758064                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::2       81375006048                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::3       81375601392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::0        113970582792.959991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::1        113970580832.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::2        113971046008.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::3        113970846775.679993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::0          77.858406                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::1          77.858405                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::2          77.858723                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::3          77.858587                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       501760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        10496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       488704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::total          1013504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        10496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::total        18944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::writebacks       817408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::total        817408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1960                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1909                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::total              3959                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::writebacks         3193                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::total             3193                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         6556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       713893                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2550                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        14933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       695317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         2914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         2550                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::total             1441991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         6556                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        14933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2914                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2550                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::total          26953                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::writebacks       1162990                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::total            1162990                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::writebacks       1162990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         6556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       713893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        14933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       695317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         2914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         2550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::total            2604980                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                      3959                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                     3193                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                   31672                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                  25544                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM              1013504                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten                817664                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys               1013504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys             817408                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs       996098                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1            3960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3            3992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4            3984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5            4040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7            3904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0            3208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1            3192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2            3208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3            3143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4            3177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5            3192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6            3240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7            3192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                702851490000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5               31672                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5              25544                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0                  3940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1                  3940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2                  3940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3                  3940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4                  3940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5                  3941                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6                  3941                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7                  3954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10                   19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11                   19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12                   19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13                   18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14                   18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                 1029                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                 1029                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                 1031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                 1033                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                 1033                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                 1033                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                 1035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                 1035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                 1035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                 1037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                 1036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                 1034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                 1034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                 1034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                 1059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                 1112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                 1115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                 1113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                 1113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                 1113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                 1113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                 1113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                 1086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                 1033                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                   14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                   14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                   13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                   13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                   13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                   13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                   13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                   13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::samples         8271                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.396204                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.005444                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.849425                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1037     12.54%     12.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::64-95           44      0.53%     13.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::96-127           27      0.33%     13.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::128-159           22      0.27%     13.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::160-191           32      0.39%     14.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::192-223           52      0.63%     14.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::224-255          998     12.07%     26.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6059     73.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::total         8271                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1029                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::mean    30.787172                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    29.088856                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.192966                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             4      0.39%      0.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           93      9.04%      9.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          387     37.61%     47.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          309     30.03%     77.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          140     13.61%     90.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           53      5.15%     95.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           19      1.85%     97.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::64-65           10      0.97%     98.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            5      0.49%     99.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            7      0.68%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.10%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::112-113            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::total         1029                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1029                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.831876                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.722590                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.542999                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::24            926     89.99%     89.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::32             99      9.62%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::40              4      0.39%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::total         1029                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat                  871271992                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat            1408112392                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat                101350400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                   27509.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat              44459.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                       1.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       1.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                    1.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    1.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     8.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                    31.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits                  27677                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                 21276                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate              83.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                 98273418.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                  85.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::IDLE 640228229861                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::REF   61757746200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT     864625500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::0          2860099.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::1          2918764.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::2               2896992                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::3          2925417.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::0               1929432                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::1          1969008.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::2               1954320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::3               1973496                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::0         9361497.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::1         9553689.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::2         9405427.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::3         9349516.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::0        5942108.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::1        5935472.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::2        5965747.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::3        5988556.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::0      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::1      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::2      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::3      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::0      7354860534.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::1      7356272967.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::2      7355899776.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::3      7357725400.320001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::0       81377483472                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::1       81376244496                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::2       81376571856                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::3       81374970432                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::0        113970399672.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::1        113970856927.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::2        113970656648.640015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::3        113970895348.800018                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::0          77.858281                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::1          77.858594                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::2          77.858457                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::3          77.858620                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       502272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       488960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total          1003520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::total         9216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::writebacks       818944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total        818944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1962                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1910                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total              3920                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::writebacks         3199                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total             3199                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1457                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         1821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       714621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1093                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.itb.walker          364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         8013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       695681                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         2185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         1457                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1093                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total             1427786                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1821                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         8013                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2185                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1093                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::total          13112                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::writebacks       1165175                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total            1165175                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::writebacks       1165175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         1821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       714621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1093                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.itb.walker          364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         8013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       695681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         2185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         1457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1093                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total            2592961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                      3920                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                     3199                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                   31360                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                  25592                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM              1003520                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten                819200                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys               1003520                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys             818944                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          256                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0            3912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2            3880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3            3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4            3944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6            3888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0            3201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1            3192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2            3208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3            3160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4            3184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5            3248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6            3232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7            3175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                702986810000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5               31360                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5              25592                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0                  3901                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1                  3901                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2                  3901                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3                  3902                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4                  3902                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5                  3903                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6                  3903                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7                  3907                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10                   19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11                   18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12                   18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13                   17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14                   17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                 1034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                 1035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                 1039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                 1039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                 1039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                 1040                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                 1042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                 1042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                 1044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                 1043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                 1044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                 1045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                 1044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                 1073                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                 1109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                 1110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                 1110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                 1105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                 1104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                 1104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                 1104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                 1073                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                 1037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                   11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                   11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                   11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                   11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                   11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                   11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                   11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                   11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::samples         8215                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.877054                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.496947                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.636755                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1033     12.57%     12.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::64-95           39      0.47%     13.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::96-127           19      0.23%     13.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::128-159            8      0.10%     13.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::160-191           23      0.28%     13.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::192-223           48      0.58%     14.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1003     12.21%     26.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6042     73.55%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::total         8215                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1035                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::mean    30.291787                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    28.670493                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    10.513502                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             8      0.77%      0.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           92      8.89%      9.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          408     39.42%     49.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          298     28.79%     77.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          126     12.17%     90.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           71      6.86%     96.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           14      1.35%     98.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::64-65           14      1.35%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.10%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.10%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.10%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::112-113            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::total         1035                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1035                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.734300                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.636030                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.415683                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::24            944     91.21%     91.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::32             87      8.41%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::40              4      0.39%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::total         1035                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  861005960                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat            1392557960                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                100352000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                   27455.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat              44405.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                       1.43                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       1.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                    1.43                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    1.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     8.05                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                    31.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits                  27408                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                 21337                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate               87.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate              83.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                 98747971.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                  85.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::IDLE 640236561228                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::REF   61757746200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT     856294133                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::0          2835907.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::1               2833488                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::2          2840140.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::3          2936908.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::0               1913112                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::1               1911480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::2          1915968.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::3          1981248.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::0         9353011.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::1         9145843.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::2         9169804.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::3         9333043.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::0             5899392                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::1        5855846.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::2        5955379.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::3        6001827.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::0      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::1      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::2      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::3      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::0      7354322144.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::1      7354985351.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::2      7355929982.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::3      7357276149.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::0       81377955744                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::1       81377373984                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::2       81376545360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::3       81375364512                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::0        113970241840.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::1        113970068521.920013                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::2        113970319164.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::3        113970856218.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::0          77.858173                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::1          77.858055                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::2          77.858226                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::3          77.858593                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       504576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         7424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       492544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total          1015552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::total        14592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::writebacks       824320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total        824320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1924                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total              3967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::writebacks         3220                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total             3220                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         3278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       717899                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        10563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       700781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         2914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          728                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         4007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total             1444905                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        10563                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2914                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         4007                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::total          20761                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::writebacks       1172824                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total            1172824                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::writebacks       1172824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         3278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       717899                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        10563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       700781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         2914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          728                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         4007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total            2617728                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                      3967                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                     3220                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                   31736                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                  25760                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM              1015552                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                824832                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys               1015552                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys             824320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          400                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0            3888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1            3984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2            3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3            3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4            3960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5            3984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6            3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7            4096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0            3224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1            3184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2            3169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3            3199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4            3176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5            3280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6            3232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7            3312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                702850721000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5               31736                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5              25760                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0                  3949                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1                  3949                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2                  3949                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3                  3949                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4                  3949                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5                  3949                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6                  3952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7                  3966                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10                   18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11                   18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12                   18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13                   18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                 1043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                 1044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                 1048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                 1049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                 1049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                 1050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                 1050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                 1050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                 1050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                 1049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                 1080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                 1110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                 1111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                 1109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                 1107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                 1108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                 1108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                 1108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                 1076                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                 1046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                   16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                   16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                   16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                   15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                   15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                   15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                   15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                   15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::samples         8283                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::mean   222.188096                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::gmean   192.033773                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.336040                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1031     12.45%     12.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::64-95           38      0.46%     12.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::96-127           18      0.22%     13.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::128-159           15      0.18%     13.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::160-191           21      0.25%     13.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::192-223           40      0.48%     14.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1014     12.24%     26.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6106     73.72%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::total         8283                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1044                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::mean    30.406130                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    28.706147                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    10.742154                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             5      0.48%      0.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::16-17          120     11.49%     11.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          363     34.77%     46.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          323     30.94%     77.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          127     12.16%     89.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           70      6.70%     96.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           18      1.72%     98.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::64-65           10      0.96%     99.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.10%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            6      0.57%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::total         1044                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1044                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.689655                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.598084                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.326934                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::24            957     91.67%     91.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::32             84      8.05%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::40              3      0.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::total         1044                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  875524080                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat            1413449280                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                101555200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                   27587.73                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat              44537.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                       1.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       1.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                    1.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    1.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     8.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                    31.26                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits                  27731                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                 21498                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate              83.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                 97794729.51                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                  85.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::IDLE 640229252555                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::REF   61757746200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT     863602806                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::0          2855260.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::1          2884291.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::2          2895177.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::3          2959286.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::0          1926168.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::1               1945752                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::2               1953096                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::3               1996344                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::0         9389452.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::1         9401433.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::2              9424896                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::3         9606105.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::0        5945425.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::1        5859578.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::2        6048276.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::3        6064865.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::0      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::1      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::2      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::3      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::0      7355653482.240001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::1      7357549858.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::2      7356028314.240001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::3      7357957413.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::0       81376787904                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::1       81375124416                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::2       81376459104                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::3       81374766912                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::0        113970520223.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::1        113970727859.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::2        113970771393.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::3        113971313455.679993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::0          77.858364                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::1          77.858505                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::2          77.858535                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::3          77.858906                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       502016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         8704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       490240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::total          1007104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         8704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::total        13824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::writebacks       814080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::total        814080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::total              3934                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::writebacks         3180                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::total             3180                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         2550                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       714257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        12384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       697502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         2550                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         1457                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         2185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::total             1432885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2550                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        12384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2550                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2185                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::total          19668                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::writebacks       1158255                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::total            1158255                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::writebacks       1158255                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         2550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       714257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        12384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       697502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         2550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         1457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         2185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::total            2591140                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                      3934                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                     3180                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                   31472                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                  25440                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM              1007104                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten                814336                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys               1007104                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys             814080                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            9                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0            3984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1            3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2            3896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3            3904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5            4000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7            3880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0            3192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1            3168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2            3169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3            3176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4            3152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5            3224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6            3239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7            3128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                702851669000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5               31472                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5              25440                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0                  3927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1                  3927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2                  3927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3                  3927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4                  3927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5                  3927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6                  3928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7                  3931                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                 1025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                 1028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                 1029                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                 1029                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                 1031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                 1032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                 1036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                 1036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                 1038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                 1035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                 1035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                 1036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                 1036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                 1035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                 1099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                 1101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                 1101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                 1101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                 1100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                 1098                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                 1098                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                 1071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                 1030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                   16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                   16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                   15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                   15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                   15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                   15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                   15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                   15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::samples         8222                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.532474                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.431418                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.571798                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1016     12.36%     12.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::64-95           42      0.51%     12.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::96-127           35      0.43%     13.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::128-159           31      0.38%     13.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::160-191           41      0.50%     14.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::192-223           39      0.47%     14.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::224-255          992     12.07%     26.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6026     73.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::total         8222                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1028                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::mean    30.622568                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.667645                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             8      0.78%      0.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            9      0.88%      1.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           85      8.27%      9.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          389     37.84%     47.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::32-35          303     29.47%     77.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::40-43          121     11.77%     89.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           69      6.71%     95.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           21      2.04%     97.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           12      1.17%     98.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            4      0.39%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            3      0.29%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            3      0.29%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::total         1028                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1028                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.754864                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.647996                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.531635                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::20              4      0.39%      0.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::24            930     90.47%     90.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::32             90      8.75%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::40              3      0.29%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::48              1      0.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::total         1028                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat                  880666232                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat            1414116632                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat                100710400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                   27982.53                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat              44932.53                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                       1.43                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       1.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                    1.43                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    1.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                    31.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits                  27509                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                 21189                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate               87.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate              83.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                 98798379.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                  85.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::IDLE 640238252477                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::REF   61757746200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT     854616634                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::0          2933884.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::1          2904249.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::2          2877638.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::3          2952028.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::0          1979208.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::1               1959216                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::2               1941264                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::3          1991448.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::0         9682483.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::1              9477312                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::2         9293606.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::3         9536716.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::0        6011781.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::1        5929251.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::2        5988556.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::3        6018416.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::0      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::1      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::2      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::3      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::0      7355782949.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::1      7356321339.840001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::2      7355227268.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::3      7357340882.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::0       81376675152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::1       81376202880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::2       81377162592                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::3       81375308544                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::0        113971027988.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::1        113970756778.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::2        113970453455.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::3        113971110566.400009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::0          77.858710                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::1          77.858525                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::2          77.858317                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::3          77.858766                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       503552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         8448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       492032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::total          1011968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         8448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::total        16128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::writebacks       816384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::total        816384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1922                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::total              3953                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::writebacks         3189                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::total             3189                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         4007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       716442                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        12020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       700052                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         3278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::total             1439805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         4007                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        12020                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::total          22947                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::writebacks       1161533                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::total            1161533                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::writebacks       1161533                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         4007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       716442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        12020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       700052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         3278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::total            2601338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                      3953                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                     3189                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                   31624                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                  25512                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM              1011872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ                    96                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                816128                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys               1011968                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys             816384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                    3                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            3                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0            3904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1            3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2            3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3            3960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4            3965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5            3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6            4016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7            3952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0            3169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1            3184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2            3144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3            3160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4            3160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5            3223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6            3272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7            3192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                702850644000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5               31624                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5              25512                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0                  3936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1                  3936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2                  3937                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3                  3938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4                  3939                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5                  3939                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6                  3940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7                  3941                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10                   16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14                   12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                 1034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                 1034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                 1035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                 1035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                 1035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                 1035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                 1038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                 1038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                 1039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                 1039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                 1039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                 1039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                 1039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                 1039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                 1065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                 1110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                 1108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                 1109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                 1108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                 1108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                 1108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                 1108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                 1079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                 1034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                    8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::samples         8234                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::mean   222.006315                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::gmean   192.106338                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.229729                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1008     12.24%     12.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::64-95           43      0.52%     12.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::96-127           33      0.40%     13.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::128-159           23      0.28%     13.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::160-191           34      0.41%     13.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::192-223           40      0.49%     14.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::224-255          994     12.07%     26.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6059     73.59%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::total         8234                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1033                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::mean    30.603098                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.315476                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::0-1             1      0.10%      0.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             7      0.68%      0.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           87      8.42%      9.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          419     40.56%     49.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::28-29            1      0.10%     49.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          293     28.36%     78.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          115     11.13%     89.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           58      5.61%     94.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           25      2.42%     97.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::64-65           14      1.36%     98.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            5      0.48%     99.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            6      0.58%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.10%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::total         1033                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1033                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.689255                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.596144                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.353714                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::24            948     91.77%     91.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::32             81      7.84%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::40              4      0.39%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::total         1033                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat                  919169450                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat            1455145400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat                101187200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                   29068.32                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat              46018.32                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                       1.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       1.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                    1.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    1.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                    30.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits                  27628                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                 21263                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate               87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate              83.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                 98410899.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                  85.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::IDLE 640251309646                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::REF   61757746200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT     841531965                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::0               2881872                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::1          2907273.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::2               2924208                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::3          3008275.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::0               1944120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::1               1961256                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::2               1972680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::3          2029392.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::0              9477312                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::1              9569664                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::2         9539212.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::3         9745382.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::0        5922616.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::1        5958696.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::2        6011781.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::3        6114631.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::0      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::1      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::2      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::3      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::0      7355144859.840001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::1        7355328336                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::2      7356257098.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::3      7358061983.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::0       81377234064                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::1       81377073120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::2       81376258416                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::3       81374675184                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::0        113970567373.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::1        113970760875.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::2        113970925925.759995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::3        113971597377.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::0          77.858396                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::1          77.858528                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::2          77.858641                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::3          77.859099                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       502016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       489984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total          1011200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         9216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::total        15104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::writebacks       818432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total        818432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1914                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total              3950                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::writebacks         3197                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total             3197                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1457                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         1821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       714257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        13112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       697138                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         4007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         1093                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         2550                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1093                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total             1438713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1821                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        13112                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         4007                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2550                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::total          21490                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::writebacks       1164447                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total            1164447                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::writebacks       1164447                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         1821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       714257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        13112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       697138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         4007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         1093                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         2550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1093                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total            2603159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                      3950                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                     3197                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                   31600                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                  25576                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM              1011200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                818688                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys               1011200                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys             818432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          258                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1            4040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2            3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3            3984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4            3976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5            3872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6            3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7            3952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0            3192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1            3192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2            3176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3            3191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4            3153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5            3216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6            3216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7            3248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                702853852000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5               31600                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5              25576                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0                  3939                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1                  3939                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2                  3940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3                  3940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4                  3940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5                  3940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6                  3941                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7                  3944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                 1034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                 1034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                 1037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                 1037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                 1037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                 1037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                 1038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                 1038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                 1038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                 1038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                 1035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                 1035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                 1035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                 1035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                 1060                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                 1103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                 1104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                 1104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                 1106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                 1106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                 1106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                 1106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                 1080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                 1037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                   20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                   20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                   18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                   18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                   18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                   18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                   18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                   18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::samples         8229                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::mean   222.370640                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::gmean   192.475513                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.068207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1010     12.27%     12.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::64-95           40      0.49%     12.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::96-127           24      0.29%     13.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::128-159           16      0.19%     13.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::160-191           26      0.32%     13.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::192-223           37      0.45%     14.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1002     12.18%     26.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6074     73.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::total         8229                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1034                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::mean    30.576402                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    28.803627                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.056857                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             5      0.48%      0.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::16-17          113     10.93%     11.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          380     36.75%     48.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          302     29.21%     77.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          115     11.12%     88.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           74      7.16%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           20      1.93%     97.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::64-65           16      1.55%     99.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            5      0.48%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            3      0.29%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::total         1034                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1034                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.742747                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.643509                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.427172                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::24            942     91.10%     91.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::32             88      8.51%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::40              4      0.39%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::total         1034                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  863220912                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat            1398840912                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                101120000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                   27317.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat              44267.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                       1.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       1.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                    1.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    1.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     8.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                    31.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits                  27615                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                 21340                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate              83.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                 98342500.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                  85.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::IDLE 640247923095                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::REF   61757746200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT     845021516                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::0          2889129.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::1          2871590.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::2          2832278.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::3          2932070.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::0               1949016                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::1               1937184                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::2               1910664                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::3               1977984                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::0              9676992                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::1              9382464                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::2              9205248                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::3         9406425.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::0        5905612.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::1        5922201.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::2        5915980.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::3        6001827.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::0      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::1      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::2      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::3      25217962529.280003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::0      7355042095.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::1      7356348480.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::2      7356208014.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::3      7357730981.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::0       81377325024                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::1       81376179072                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::2       81376302288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::3       81374966352                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::0        113970750399.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::1        113970603522.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::2        113970337003.200012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::3        113970978170.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::0          77.858520                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::1          77.858420                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::2          77.858238                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::3          77.858676                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               38626                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              38626                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                146                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               146                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             51171                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          4185552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        1030061                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         3741538                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             24959                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            24922                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave      9134867                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      9135747                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                9135747                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave     29292545                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     29294305                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                29294305                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     19313000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    632756500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       146000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        73000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    844321500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq   2092776000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq    515030500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp   1870769000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     12479500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    411213000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq           80                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp           49                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback         4501                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           17                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp           17                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            9                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq       256499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       378000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback     20176500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       143000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        11000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       137500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        30000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        22000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                          4610                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                           68                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                         1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime            20616999                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime             537500                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                          1474112                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           5330074                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 5330074    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             5330074                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              292500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                 440                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy          2746718000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded             3855963                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy         2914811500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded            3805232                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq              38331                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp             38331                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback            51171                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         3138837                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        602701                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        3741538                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq            24922                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp           24922                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         2731                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         2842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         2787                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         3389                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         2769                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         2845                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         2661                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         2789                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       497595                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1377505                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         2903                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         2916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         3001                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         2790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         2918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         2818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total      1915259                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         2799                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         2738                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         2783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         3389                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         2846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         2876                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         2699                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         2875                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       503796                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1371028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         2888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         2890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         3122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         2809                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         2780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         2821                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total      1915139                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         2887                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         2698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         2839                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         3315                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         2919                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         2765                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         2833                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         2691                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       497747                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1377359                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         2849                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         2901                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         2963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         2864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         2792                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         2787                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total      1915210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         2738                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         2823                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         2757                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         3324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         2874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         2674                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         2864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         2711                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       504169                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1370958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         2911                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         2906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         2868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         2923                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         2780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         2866                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total      1915147                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total               7660755                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       447744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       465408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       454656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       460544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       443904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       464896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       443648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       456960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       462080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       453632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       459008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       461824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       458240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       454912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       463104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       464128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total      7314688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       460544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       457984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       456192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       466432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       452864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       474112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       441856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       472064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       458240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       465920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       455424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       454144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       473088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       454656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       452608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       458752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total      7354880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       470528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       443648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       465920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       452608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       470784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       458752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       465152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       447232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       455168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       453120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       450816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       454400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       462592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       453376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       453120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       450560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total      7307777                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       457984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       461312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       459776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       455168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       465152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       438784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       470784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       444928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       455424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       458240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       457216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       459264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       445952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       467968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       452352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       464896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total      7315200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total               29292545                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     53662600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    377930439                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         2200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    481007400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq   4394371800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq    843781000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp   5234412262                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     34890800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    246314753                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq         1800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         9400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                            3                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                           0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime              11200                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime                 0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy           35726800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded               7182                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy           35514600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded               7145                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy           35708400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded               7186                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy           37240600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded               8309                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy           35825600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded               7304                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy           35651600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded               7180                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy           35432000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded               7120                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy           35412200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded               7123                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy         1430093600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded            1003250                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy         3875600200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded            2750023                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy          35917000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded              7375                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy          35943000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded              7405                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy          36381800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded              7587                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy          35845000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded              7295                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy          35624600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded              7229                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy          35796600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded              7249                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.occupancy              2200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.succeeded                 1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy        1465073005                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded            951268                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy        1465242566                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded            951148                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy        1464363967                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded            951219                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy        1463979416                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded            951157                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq        38331                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp        38331                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback        51171                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq      3138837                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       602701                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp      3741538                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq        24922                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp        24922                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave      1915259                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave      1915139                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave      1915210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave      1915147                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total      7660755                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave      7314688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave      7354880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave      7307777                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave      7315200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total     29292545                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     30664800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    153324000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq          900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    204684000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq   2511069600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq    482160800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp   2993230400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     19937600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     99688000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp           20                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            7                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp        60000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        17300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp         4000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                    28                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess                  1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime        81300                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy    811906400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded       963991                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy    812290400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded       963991                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy    812060100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded       963991                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy    812260800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded       963990                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy   3246243200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded      3804792                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            6013404                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           6013404                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               146                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              146                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            71288                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         4187332                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       1030077                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        5217409                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           866894                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          866894                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1013870                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7622838                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           33                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         9431                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       411112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7666017                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           35                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side        11651                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          369                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              16736807                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    129775360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     18542432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           60                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side        17324                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     52622336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     25724008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side        18120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        87552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        44812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        61184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        31245                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              226924509                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   3007406588                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  25544161342                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       146000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        73499                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback   2317043632                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq   2093666499                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq    515039498                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp   1871668497                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq         3499                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq    487874926                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    952283498                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        11701                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp         3833                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq           16                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback         1168                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         4406                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         1640                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp           67                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq          500                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           34                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    236147499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     68485992                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       292000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback     33895939                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq    107400500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     43352500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        50500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq        87000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      9666498                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       557000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                        19859                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                        3934                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime          430841936                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime          69093492                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                         7530199                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         12168706                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47              12168706    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           12168706                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         8421181142                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded           12169147                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy       16475416442                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded            506935                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy      101186176969                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            14.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded           5683731                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy             18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                18                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy           5100000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded              5100                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy        6680590459                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded            205556                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy      101440220975                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization            14.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded           5688462                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.occupancy             19000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                19                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy           7123994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded              7121                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.occupancy         11115499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded              342                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy          5532999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded              183                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy          7767999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              239                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy          4107999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              149                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.numCycles                        0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_func_calls                   0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_insts                    0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_load_insts                   0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_store_insts                  0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.idle_fraction                    1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShift              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemRead                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IprAccess              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::total                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples        70284                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0        70284    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total        70284                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalReadBytes                  0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples        70284                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0        70284    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total        70284                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalWrittenBytes               0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::0              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::1              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::2              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::3              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::4              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::5              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::6              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::7              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::8              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::9              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::10             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::11             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::12             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::13             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::14             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::15             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::16             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::17             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::18             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::19             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::mean             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::total              0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean           0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::samples              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::mean               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::total                0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples        70284                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0        70284    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total        70284                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples        70284                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0        70284    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total        70284                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::samples        70284                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::mean             0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::0            70284    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::total        70284                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::samples        70284                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::0           70284    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::total        70284                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count::total              2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size::total               1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedReq                     0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedResp                    0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespSuccess                1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy         1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy          700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                     63343                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8061.976762                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      594728                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     63343                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      9.389009                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3521.538198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     6.757542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst    94.165509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data  2832.811397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     4.800224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.000075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst    73.156121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data  1308.291200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst    60.834638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data           12                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst           14                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst     8.408010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst    20.800198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data     4.496564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst            9                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data     2.069704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.779801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.itb.walker     0.157846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst    64.309027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data    22.600707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.429875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.011495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.345802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.008930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.159704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.007426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.001465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.001026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.002539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.000549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.001099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.000253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.itb.walker     0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.007850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.002759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.984128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8081                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          282                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          732                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6921                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.001831                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.986450                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  37203144                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 37203144                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst       506733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         8931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst       204991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        26329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst          182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           68                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           52                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  756218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            71288                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 71288                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          670                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         1569                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 2240                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         1523                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         2383                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  3919                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst        506733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data         10454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst        204991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data         28712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst           182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data            74                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data            59                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   760137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4281                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           15                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst       506733                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data        10454                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4491                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           15                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst       204991                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data        28712                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst          182                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data           74                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data           59                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  760137                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst          202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        25982                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst          565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        11200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst          160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 38366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data      1507974                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data      1630391                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total            3138377                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       357813                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       244886                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           602701                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         5533                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        19840                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               25382                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst          202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data        31515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst          565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data        31040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst          160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  63748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst          202                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data        31515                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst          565                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data        31040                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst          160                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data           46                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          112                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data           18                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 63748                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      6525000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     25908000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   3370401489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      4961000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       259000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     72719000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1445543494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     20813000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      5375000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14729500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1930000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4969164483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4760000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1050500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        65000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       131500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      6007000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4565500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       196000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       130500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      4892000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    699470500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   2499782000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       621000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       454000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    3200327500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      6525000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     25908000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   4069871989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      4961000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       259000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     72719000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   3945325494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     20813000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      5996000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14729500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2384000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       8169491983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      6525000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     25908000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   4069871989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      4961000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       259000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     72719000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   3945325494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     20813000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      5996000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14729500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2384000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      8169491983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst       506935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        34913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           16                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst       205556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        37529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           66                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              794584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        71288                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             71288                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      1508644                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      1631960                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          3140617                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data       357819                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data       244896                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         602717                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         7056                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        22223                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             29301                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst       506935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data        41969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst       205556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data        59752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data          120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data           77                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               823885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst       506935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data        41969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           16                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst       205556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data        59752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data          120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data           77                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              823885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.011545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.744193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.008609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.062500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.002749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.298436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.467836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.376147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.468619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.212121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.048284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.999556                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.999039                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.833333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.999287                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.999983                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.999959                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.999973                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.784155                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.892769                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.454545                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.363636                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.866250                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.011545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.750911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.008609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.062500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.002749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.519481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.467836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.383333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.468619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.233766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.077375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.011545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.750911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.008609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.062500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.002749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.519481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.467836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.383333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.468619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.233766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.077375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       130500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 128257.425743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 129720.633092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 127205.128205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       259000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 128706.194690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 129066.383393                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 130081.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 131097.560976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 131513.392857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 137857.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129520.004249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     3.156553                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     0.644324                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        13000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 18785.714286                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total     1.914047                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    12.759458                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     0.800372                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        65250                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total     8.116794                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 126417.946864                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 125997.076613                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       124200                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       113500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126086.498306                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       130500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 128257.425743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 129140.789751                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 127205.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       259000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 128706.194690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 127104.558441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 130081.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 130347.826087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 131513.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 132444.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128152.914335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       130500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 128257.425743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 129140.789751                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 127205.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       259000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 128706.194690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 127104.558441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 130081.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 130347.826087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 131513.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 132444.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128152.914335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                51171                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     51171                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 35                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        25979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        11200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            38331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data      1507974                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data      1630391                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       3138377                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       357813                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       244886                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       602701                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         5533                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        19840                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          25382                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        31512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        31040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             63713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          183                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        31512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        31040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           18                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            63713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      5975000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     21678000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   3084323989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      4404500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       248000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     65487000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1322343494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     19053000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      4924000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13497500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1776000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4543710483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  81937232500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  88718495499                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       271500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       381000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 170656380499                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  19380666500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  13280689498                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       108500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32661464498                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    638607500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   2281542000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       566000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       410000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2921125500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      5975000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     21678000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   3722931489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      4404500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       248000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     65487000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   3603885494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     19053000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      5490000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13497500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2186000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7464835983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      5975000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     21678000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   3722931489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      4404500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       248000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     65487000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   3603885494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     19053000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      5490000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13497500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2186000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7464835983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      2881000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      2942000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        40000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        40000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      5903000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      1440000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      1420000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        20000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        50500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2930500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      4321000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      4362000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        60000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        90500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      8833500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.011545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.744107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.008168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.062500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.002695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.298436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.467836                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.376147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.468619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.212121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.048240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.999556                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.999039                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999287                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.999983                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.999959                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999973                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.784155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.892769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.454545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.363636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.866250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.011545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.750840                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.008168                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.062500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.002695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.519481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.467836                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.383333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.468619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.233766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.077332                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.011545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.750840                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.008168                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.062500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.002695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.519481                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.467836                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.383333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.468619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.233766                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.077332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       119500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 118459.016393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 118723.737981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 119040.540541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       248000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 118207.581227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 118066.383393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 119081.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 120097.560976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 120513.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 126857.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118538.793222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54335.971641                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54415.471810                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        54300                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54428.571429                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54377.272233                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54164.232434                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54232.130453                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        54250                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54191.820651                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 115417.946864                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 114997.076613                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       113200                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       102500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115086.498306                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       119500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 118459.016393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 118143.294269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 119040.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       248000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 118207.581227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 116104.558441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 119081.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 119347.826087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 120513.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 121444.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117163.467157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       119500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 118459.016393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 118143.294269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 119040.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       248000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 118207.581227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 116104.558441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 119081.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 119347.826087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 120513.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 121444.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117163.467157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                       4610                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples        15850                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        15850    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total         15850                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        12723                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        12723    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total        12723                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples         70284                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     5765499.971544                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    19196572.605986                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        68370     97.28%     97.28% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          735      1.05%     98.32% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          333      0.47%     98.80% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          517      0.74%     99.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08          137      0.19%     99.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           56      0.08%     99.81% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08          120      0.17%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            3      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            2      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            5      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total           70284                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        5773061.977965      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                   4057600                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples        70284                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    4629446.246656                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   18518014.574846                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        68886     98.01%     98.01% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          368      0.52%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          248      0.35%     98.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          383      0.54%     99.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08          146      0.21%     99.64% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08          102      0.15%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08          140      0.20%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            2      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            3      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total          70284                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       4634111.517076      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                3257088                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples           15850                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       99084.233438                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      97959.348880                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev      18670.225706                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            1      0.01%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        14641     92.37%     92.38% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          215      1.36%     93.74% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          178      1.12%     94.86% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          243      1.53%     96.39% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          196      1.24%     97.63% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          188      1.19%     98.81% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            7      0.04%     98.86% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     98.86% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          181      1.14%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total             15850                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples               15850                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           44343979.747634                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          53435109.328919                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000              1      0.01%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows             15849     99.99%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value             96000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value         509650000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                 15850                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples             12723                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         55242387.094239                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        77478995.964483                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows           12723    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value          142000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value       982397000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total               12723                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                 28573                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             24598428.271445                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            30462000.909342                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000                1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows               28572    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value               96000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value           406146000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                   28573                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples        70284                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.002333                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.048249                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0            70120     99.77%     99.77% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1              164      0.23%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total        70284                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples        70284                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0           70284    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total        70284                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples             70284                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean             0.225229                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            0.750175                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-1                 68366     97.27%     97.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::2-3                  1074      1.53%     98.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::4-5                   515      0.73%     99.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::6-7                   193      0.27%     99.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8-9                   120      0.17%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::10-11                   5      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::12-13                   6      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::14-15                   4      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-17                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::18-19                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::20-21                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::22-23                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::24-25                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total               70284                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples            70284                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.180838                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           0.723360                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                  62203     88.50%     88.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                   6683      9.51%     98.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                    368      0.52%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                    248      0.35%     98.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                    230      0.33%     99.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                    153      0.22%     99.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                    146      0.21%     99.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                    102      0.15%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                    122      0.17%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                     18      0.03%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     2      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     3      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total              70284                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples        15887                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        15887    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total         15887                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        12843                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        12843    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total        12843                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples         70284                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     5779340.959536                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    19384813.060182                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        68273     97.14%     97.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          813      1.16%     98.30% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          333      0.47%     98.77% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          533      0.76%     99.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08          130      0.18%     99.71% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           74      0.11%     99.82% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08          115      0.16%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            1      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            4      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            2      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total           70284                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        5786538.526431      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                   4067072                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples        70284                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    4672426.156736                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   18361030.819476                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07        62014     88.23%     88.23% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         6884      9.79%     98.03% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.03% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          368      0.52%     98.55% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07          250      0.36%     98.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     98.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08          218      0.31%     99.22% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08          173      0.25%     99.46% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.46% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08          121      0.17%     99.64% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08           95      0.14%     99.77% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.77% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08          136      0.19%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08           14      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            6      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            4      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total          70284                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       4677819.241830      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                3287808                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples           15887                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       98905.438409                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      97810.583735                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev      18442.915577                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        14774     92.99%     92.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          174      1.10%     94.09% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          151      0.95%     95.04% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          221      1.39%     96.43% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          207      1.30%     97.73% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          177      1.11%     98.85% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            6      0.04%     98.89% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     98.89% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          177      1.11%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total             15887                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples               15887                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           44240589.349783                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          53563842.693874                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows             15887    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value            130000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value         552991000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                 15887                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples             12843                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         54726478.081445                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        75922791.791432                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows           12843    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value          158000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value       698105000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total               12843                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                 28730                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             24464010.059172                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            30077677.818601                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000                1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows               28729    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value               97000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value           325133000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                   28730                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples        70284                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.002276                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.047658                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0            70124     99.77%     99.77% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1              160      0.23%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total        70284                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples        70284                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0           70284    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total        70284                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples             70284                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean             0.225756                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            0.756505                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-1                 68281     97.15%     97.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::2-3                  1142      1.62%     98.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::4-5                   530      0.75%     99.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::6-7                   205      0.29%     99.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8-9                   113      0.16%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::10-11                   2      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::12-13                   4      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::14-15                   3      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-17                   2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::18-19                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::20-21                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::22-23                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::24-25                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total               70284                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples            70284                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.182517                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           0.717228                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                  62014     88.23%     88.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                   6884      9.79%     98.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                    368      0.52%     98.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                    250      0.36%     98.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                    218      0.31%     99.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                    173      0.25%     99.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                    121      0.17%     99.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                     95      0.14%     99.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                    136      0.19%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                     14      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     6      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     4      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total              70284                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples        15775                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        15775    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total         15775                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        12772                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean    255.980034                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   255.888877                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     2.256372                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             1      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        12771     99.99%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total        12772                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples         70284                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     5739274.941665                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    19258733.728595                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        68353     97.25%     97.25% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          739      1.05%     98.30% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          341      0.49%     98.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          528      0.75%     99.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08          118      0.17%     99.71% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           66      0.09%     99.80% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08          123      0.18%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            5      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            3      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            4      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total           70284                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        5745744.649993      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                   4038400                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples        70284                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    4645836.890331                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   18467262.521519                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        68898     98.03%     98.03% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          370      0.53%     98.55% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          229      0.33%     98.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          386      0.55%     99.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08          153      0.22%     99.65% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08          104      0.15%     99.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08          135      0.19%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            3      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total          70284                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       4651596.029755      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                3269377                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples           15775                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       98773.705230                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      97754.462999                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev      17642.378504                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            1      0.01%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        14631     92.75%     92.75% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          202      1.28%     94.03% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          172      1.09%     95.13% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          224      1.42%     96.55% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          221      1.40%     97.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          167      1.06%     99.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::180224-196607           14      0.09%     99.09% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.09% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          142      0.90%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            1      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total             15775                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples               15775                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           44554707.194929                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          54294839.338990                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows             15775    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value            130000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value         739130000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                 15775                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples             12772                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         55030612.198559                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        77696046.007185                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows           12772    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value          130000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value      1404038000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total               12772                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                 28547                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             24620835.078993                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            30169966.322064                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows               28546    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value               78000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value           347302000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                   28547                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples        70284                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.001992                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.044587                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0            70144     99.80%     99.80% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1              140      0.20%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total        70284                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples        70284                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0           70284    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total        70284                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples             70284                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean             0.224190                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            0.752654                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-1                 68348     97.25%     97.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::2-3                  1088      1.55%     98.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::4-5                   525      0.75%     99.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::6-7                   186      0.26%     99.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8-9                   121      0.17%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::10-11                   8      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::12-13                   4      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::14-15                   2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-17                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::18-19                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::20-21                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::22-23                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::24-25                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::26-27                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total               70284                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples            70284                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.181478                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           0.721377                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                  62134     88.40%     88.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                   6764      9.62%     98.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                    370      0.53%     98.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                    229      0.33%     98.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                    216      0.31%     99.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                    170      0.24%     99.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                    153      0.22%     99.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                    104      0.15%     99.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                    123      0.18%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                     12      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     3      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total              70284                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples        15741                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        15741    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total         15741                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        12834                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        12834    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total        12834                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples         70284                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     5726890.899778                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    19091751.196136                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        68356     97.26%     97.26% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          733      1.04%     98.30% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          339      0.48%     98.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          512      0.73%     99.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08          145      0.21%     99.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           83      0.12%     99.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08          103      0.15%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            3      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            6      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total           70284                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        5733360.794646      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                   4029696                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples        70284                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    4670604.974105                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   18489781.890144                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        68891     98.02%     98.02% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          397      0.56%     98.58% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          240      0.34%     98.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          358      0.51%     99.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08          138      0.20%     99.63% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08          102      0.15%     99.78% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08          149      0.21%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            4      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total          70284                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       4674541.162473      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                3285504                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples           15741                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       99079.848802                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      97940.635386                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev      18851.146174                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        14572     92.57%     92.57% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          199      1.26%     93.84% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          179      1.14%     94.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          226      1.44%     96.41% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          190      1.21%     97.62% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          174      1.11%     98.72% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::180224-196607           11      0.07%     98.79% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     98.79% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          190      1.21%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total             15741                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples              1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean             11300                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11300.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total                1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples               15741                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           44650975.096881                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          54742733.087936                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows             15741    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value            148000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value         982397000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                 15741                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples             12834                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         54764607.293128                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        76262555.528532                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows           12834    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value          136000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value       920399000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total               12834                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                 28575                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             24596686.159230                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            30030068.748783                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows               28574    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value               75000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value           443249000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                   28575                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples        70284                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.002020                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.044903                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0            70142     99.80%     99.80% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1              142      0.20%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total        70284                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples        70284                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0           70284    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total        70284                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples             70284                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean             0.223692                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            0.745194                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0                   59812     85.10%     85.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::1                    8540     12.15%     97.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::2                     739      1.05%     98.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::3                     338      0.48%     98.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::4                     304      0.43%     99.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::5                     209      0.30%     99.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::6                     143      0.20%     99.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::7                      82      0.12%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8                      98      0.14%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::9                       6      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::10                      3      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::11                      2      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::12                      3      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::13                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::15                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::17                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total               70284                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples            70284                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.182446                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           0.722257                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0-1                68891     98.02%     98.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2-3                  637      0.91%     98.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4-5                  358      0.51%     99.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6-7                  240      0.34%     99.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8-9                  149      0.21%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10-11                  5      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12-13                  2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14-15                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16-17                  1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18-19                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::20-21                  1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::22-23                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::24-25                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::26-27                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::28-29                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::30-31                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::32-33                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::34-35                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::36-37                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::38-39                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total              70284                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples        63290                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean             256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15               0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        63290    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total          63290                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        51172                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean     255.995017                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.972260                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev      1.127260                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15              1      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        51171    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         51172                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples          70284                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      23011006.772523                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean                0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     61442661.171906                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08        68472     97.42%     97.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08          410      0.58%     98.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08          402      0.57%     98.58% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08          952      1.35%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08           21      0.03%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            9      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            6      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            4      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            3      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total            70284                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         23038705.949036      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                   16192768                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         70284                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     18618314.267828                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    60576475.038468                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08        68648     97.67%     97.67% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08          519      0.74%     98.41% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08          484      0.69%     99.10% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08          413      0.59%     99.69% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08          170      0.24%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08           39      0.06%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            5      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            2      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total           70284                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        18638067.951133      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                13099777                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples            63253                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        107615.370022                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       106575.907022                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev       18465.781351                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-16383                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            2      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            1      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687        58957     93.21%     93.21% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          819      1.29%     94.51% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          747      1.18%     95.69% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          841      1.33%     97.02% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          739      1.17%     98.19% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607          455      0.72%     98.91% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            1      0.00%     98.91% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%     98.91% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759          690      1.09%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total              63253                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples               1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean              20500                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total                 1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples                63290                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            11105242.810871                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           12267665.034714                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                    21      0.03%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000                11      0.02%      0.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000                8      0.01%      0.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000                8      0.01%      0.08% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000                6      0.01%      0.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000               10      0.02%      0.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000                7      0.01%      0.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000                2      0.00%      0.12% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000                7      0.01%      0.13% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000                4      0.01%      0.13% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000                3      0.00%      0.14% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000                6      0.01%      0.15% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000               11      0.02%      0.16% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000                6      0.01%      0.17% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000             2110      3.33%      3.51% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000                6      0.01%      3.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000               60      0.09%      3.61% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000                9      0.01%      3.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000                4      0.01%      3.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000               3      0.00%      3.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows              60988     96.36%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value           41524000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                  63290                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples              51172                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          13735061.899085                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         21887115.010614                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000           4507      8.81%      8.81% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000              6      0.01%      8.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             48      0.09%      8.91% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             69      0.13%      9.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000              9      0.02%      9.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             41      0.08%      9.15% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000              9      0.02%      9.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             13      0.03%      9.19% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            172      0.34%      9.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             49      0.10%      9.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             16      0.03%      9.65% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            764      1.49%     11.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             17      0.03%     11.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             25      0.05%     11.23% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             23      0.04%     11.27% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000              0      0.00%     11.27% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000             7      0.01%     11.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            45397     88.71%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            16500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value        281948000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                51172                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                 114462                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              6140470.964163                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             10587322.041115                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                      27      0.02%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  17      0.01%      0.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 11      0.01%      0.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000               4597      4.02%      4.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 24      0.02%      4.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 76      0.07%      4.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000                148      0.13%      4.28% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000               1609      1.41%      5.69% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000                107      0.09%      5.78% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 96      0.08%      5.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000                229      0.20%      6.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000                242      0.21%      6.28% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000                107      0.09%      6.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000                138      0.12%      6.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000               2891      2.53%      9.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 97      0.08%      9.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000                201      0.18%      9.28% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 64      0.06%      9.33% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 82      0.07%      9.40% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000                36      0.03%      9.43% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows               103663     90.57%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value             40081000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                   114462                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples        70284                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.009419                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.097765                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0             69630     99.07%     99.07% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1               646      0.92%     99.99% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2                 8      0.01%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total         70284                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples        70284                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0            70284    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total        70284                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples              70284                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean              0.899394                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean                    0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev             2.403506                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-7                  68653     97.68%     97.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::8-15                   637      0.91%     98.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::16-23                  957      1.36%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::24-31                   19      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-39                    9      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::40-47                    5      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::48-55                    2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::56-63                    1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-71                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::72-79                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::80-87                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::88-95                    1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::96-103                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::104-111                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::112-119                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::120-127                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-135                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::136-143                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::144-151                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::152-159                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                70284                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples             70284                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             0.727278                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            2.366269                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-3                 68308     97.19%     97.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4-7                   550      0.78%     97.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8-11                  405      0.58%     98.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12-15                 388      0.55%     99.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-19                 373      0.53%     99.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::20-23                 144      0.20%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::24-27                  74      0.11%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::28-31                  31      0.04%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-35                   5      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::36-39                   2      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::40-43                   0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::44-47                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::48-51                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::52-55                   3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::56-59                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::60-63                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::64-67                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::68-71                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::72-75                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::76-79                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total               70284                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    79632768                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      1764                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                   26081033                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      827                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                246                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                      57                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     9                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                79634532                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses               26081860                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                        105713801                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                           2591                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                    105716392                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                   318398420                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         9                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                246                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses               318398429                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                        318398420                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              9                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                    318398429                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      1405699730                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  302364226                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    317145214                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            254975205                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    3933971                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     42885729                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   254975205                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          375021313                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         168957965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads          1190649914                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          190265750                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    107013555                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   79944645                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  27068910                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              19182.998294                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              1405680547.001706                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.999986                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000014                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         56440558                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                211434390     66.39%     66.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    1906      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                79944645     25.10%     91.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               27068910      8.50%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 318449858                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      13                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           506935                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          307225389                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           506935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           606.044935                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        637303775                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       637303775                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst    317891485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      317891485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst    317891485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       317891485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst    317891485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      317891485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst       506935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       506935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst       506935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        506935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst       506935                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       506935                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   6668520442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6668520442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   6668520442                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6668520442                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   6668520442                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6668520442                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst    318398420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    318398420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst    318398420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    318398420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst    318398420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    318398420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.001592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.001592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.001592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 13154.586766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13154.586766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 13154.586766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13154.586766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 13154.586766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13154.586766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst       506935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       506935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst       506935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       506935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst       506935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       506935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   5654592558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5654592558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   5654592558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5654592558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   5654592558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5654592558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.001592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.001592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.001592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 11154.472581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11154.472581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 11154.472581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11154.472581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 11154.472581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11154.472581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry              1902                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            42091                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          250.680917                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           81353244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            42091                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1932.794279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   250.680917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.979222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.979222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.878906                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        214500425                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       214500425                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data     75605767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       75605767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data     22241431                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      22241431                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         4589                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         4589                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      1368221                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1368221                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data       809678                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       809678                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data     97847198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        97847198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data     97851787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       97851787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data      2352037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2352037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data      2458339                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2458339                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          392                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          392                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       301618                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       301618                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       571512                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       571512                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data      4810376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       4810376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data      4810768                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      4810768                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  95950959975                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  95950959975                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 108782616499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 108782616499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1247178499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   1247178499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  27632327998                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total  27632327998                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        49000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        49000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 204733576474                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 204733576474                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 204733576474                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 204733576474                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data     77957804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     77957804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data     24699770                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     24699770                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         4981                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         4981                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      1669839                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1669839                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      1381190                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1381190                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data    102657574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    102657574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data    102662555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    102662555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.030171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.030171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.099529                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.099529                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.078699                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.078699                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.180627                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.180627                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.413782                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.413782                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.046858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.046860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 40794.834424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40794.834424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 44250.453863                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44250.453863                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  4134.960443                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4134.960443                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 48349.514967                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48349.514967                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 42560.826113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42560.826113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 42557.358092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42557.358092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        30459                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            30459                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data          382                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          382                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data      2352037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2352037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data      2458338                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2458338                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          392                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          392                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       301236                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       301236                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       571512                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total       571512                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data      4810375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4810375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data      4810767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4810767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  91246861025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  91246861025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 103865883001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 103865883001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     10718001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10718001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    634516000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    634516000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  26489310002                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26489310002                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        41000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        41000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 195112744026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 195112744026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 195123462027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 195123462027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      5876001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      5876001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      2424001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2424001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      8300002                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      8300002                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.030171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.099529                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099529                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.078699                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078699                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.180398                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180398                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.413782                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.413782                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.046858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.046860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 38794.823817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38794.823817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 42250.448474                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42250.448474                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 27341.839286                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27341.839286                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  2106.375068                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2106.375068                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 46349.525473                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46349.525473                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 40560.817821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40560.817821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 40559.740687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40559.740687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry              5861                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    77410775                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                       926                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                   32716797                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     2689                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                246                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                     178                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     8                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                77411701                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses               32719486                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                        110127572                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                           3615                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                    110131187                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                   321709721                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                        10                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                246                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses               321709731                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                        321709721                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                             10                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                    321709731                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      1405701174                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  304256854                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    323590363                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            264635282                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    4922909                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     40486028                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   264635282                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          399214756                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         176221054                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads          1204091193                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          192823630                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    111216955                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   77503486                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  33713469                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                 80.010000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              1405701093.990000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         54278478                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    3      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                213475235     65.75%     65.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    2001      0.00%     65.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     65.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     65.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     65.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     65.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     65.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     65.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     65.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     65.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     65.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     65.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     65.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     65.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     65.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     65.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     65.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     65.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     65.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     65.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     65.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     65.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.00%     65.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     65.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     65.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     65.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                77503486     23.87%     89.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               33713469     10.38%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 324694200                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       7                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           205556                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          310662155                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           205556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          1511.326135                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        643624998                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       643624998                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst    321504165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      321504165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst    321504165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       321504165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst    321504165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      321504165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst       205556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       205556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst       205556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        205556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst       205556                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       205556                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   2873423459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2873423459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   2873423459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2873423459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   2873423459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2873423459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst    321709721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    321709721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst    321709721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    321709721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst    321709721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    321709721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 13978.786603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13978.786603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 13978.786603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13978.786603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 13978.786603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13978.786603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst       205556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       205556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst       205556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       205556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst       205556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       205556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   2462270541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2462270541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   2462270541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2462270541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   2462270541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2462270541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000639                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000639                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 11978.587543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11978.587543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 11978.587543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11978.587543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 11978.587543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11978.587543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry              4168                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements            58676                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          248.350169                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           44957137                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            58676                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           766.192941                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   248.350169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.970118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.970118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        223335828                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       223335828                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data     73358747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       73358747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data     28728406                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      28728406                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        14269                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        14269                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      1403144                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1403144                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data       933912                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       933912                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data    102087153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       102087153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data    102101422                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      102101422                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data      2343406                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2343406                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data      2595846                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2595846                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          644                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          644                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       290418                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       290418                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       458561                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       458561                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data      4939252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       4939252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data      4939896                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      4939896                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  93925718975                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  93925718975                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 119128103498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 119128103498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1199247500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   1199247500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  19703644000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total  19703644000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        83000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        83000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 213053822473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 213053822473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 213053822473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 213053822473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data     75702153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     75702153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data     31324252                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     31324252                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        14913                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        14913                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      1693562                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1693562                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      1392473                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1392473                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data    107026405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    107026405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data    107041318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    107041318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.030956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.030956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.082870                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.082870                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.043184                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.043184                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.171484                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.171484                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.329314                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.329314                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.046150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.046149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 40080.856230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40080.856230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 45891.822357                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45891.822357                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  4129.384198                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4129.384198                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 42968.425139                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42968.425139                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 43134.835492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43134.835492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 43129.212128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43129.212128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        40729                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            40729                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data          630                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          630                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data      2343406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2343406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data      2595846                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2595846                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          644                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          644                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       289788                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       289788                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       458561                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total       458561                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data      4939252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4939252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data      4939896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4939896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  89238886017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  89238886017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 113936411502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 113936411502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     19877000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19877000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    601044000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    601044000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  18786526000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18786526000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        79000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        79000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 203175297519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 203175297519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 203195174519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 203195174519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      6223501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6223501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      2384000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2384000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      8607501                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      8607501                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.030956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.082870                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082870                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.043184                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043184                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.171112                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.171112                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.329314                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329314                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.046150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.046149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 38080.847287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38080.847287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 43891.822358                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43891.822358                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 30864.906832                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30864.906832                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  2074.081743                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2074.081743                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 40968.433862                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40968.433862                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 41134.831250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41134.831250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 41133.492389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41133.492389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry              7772                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                246                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                246                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          190.632990                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   190.632990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.744660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.744660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.742188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                246                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                246                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 157                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data          157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.613281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.613281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.613281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                246                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                246                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 186                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data          186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.726562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.726562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                        4816                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                       3929                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                246                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                    4816                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                   3929                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                             8745                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                         8745                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                       21530                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                246                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                   21530                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                            21530                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                        21530                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                      1540089732                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                      21380                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                        24718                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                22619                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                       1195                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts         2540                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                       22619                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads              40574                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes             15663                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads               91169                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes               9356                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                         9425                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                       4960                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                      4465                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              1539928799.841584                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              160932.158416                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.000104                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.999896                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                             3754                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                    15951     62.65%     62.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                      79      0.31%     62.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     62.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     62.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     62.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     62.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     62.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     62.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.02%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                    4960     19.48%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                   4465     17.54%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                     25461                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements              342                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs              21295                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs              342                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs            62.266082                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses            43402                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses           43402                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst        21188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          21188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst        21188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total           21188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst        21188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total          21188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst          342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst          342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total           342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst          342                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total          342                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     24244499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     24244499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     24244499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     24244499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     24244499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     24244499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        21530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        21530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        21530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total        21530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        21530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total        21530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.015885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.015885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.015885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 70890.347953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70890.347953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 70890.347953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70890.347953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 70890.347953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70890.347953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     23559501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23559501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     23559501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23559501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     23559501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23559501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.015885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.015885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.015885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 68887.429825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68887.429825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 68887.429825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68887.429825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 68887.429825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68887.429825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                25                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements              144                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          209.070533                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs               8482                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              144                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs            58.902778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   209.070533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.816682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.816682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.824219                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            17654                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses           17654                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         4535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           4535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         3848                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          3848                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           54                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           54                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           56                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           56                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           59                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           59                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data         8383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total            8383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data         8437                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total           8437                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total           167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data          177                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total          177                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      6571499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6571499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1122000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1122000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       763000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       763000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       148000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       148000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      7693499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      7693499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      7693499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      7693499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         4684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         3866                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         3866                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           64                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           64                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           66                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           66                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           62                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           62                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data         8550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total         8550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data         8614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total         8614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.031810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.004656                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004656                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.156250                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.156250                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.151515                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.151515                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.048387                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.048387                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.019532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.020548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 44104.020134                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44104.020134                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 62333.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62333.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        76300                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        76300                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 49333.333333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49333.333333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 46068.856287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46068.856287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 43466.096045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43466.096045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           55                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total               55                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      6272501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6272501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1086000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1086000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       763000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       763000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       142000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       142000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      7358501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7358501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      8121501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8121501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        31500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        31500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        95500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        95500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.031810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.004656                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004656                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.156250                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.156250                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.048387                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048387                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.019532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.020548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 42097.322148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42097.322148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 60333.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60333.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        76300                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        76300                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 47333.333333                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47333.333333                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 44062.880240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44062.880240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 45884.186441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45884.186441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry                23                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                246                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                246                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 178                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data          178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.695312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.695312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.695312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        2161                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         2                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       1923                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                246                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       1                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    2163                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   1923                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                             4084                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                         4086                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                       10159                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                246                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                   10159                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                            10159                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                        10159                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                      1405701181                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                       9961                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                        11885                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                10960                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                        695                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         1153                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       10960                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              19699                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes              7468                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads               43455                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes               4470                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                         4442                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       2250                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      2192                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              1405614611.997569                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              86569.002431                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.000062                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.999938                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                             1889                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                     7788     63.40%     63.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      47      0.38%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.05%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    2250     18.32%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   2192     17.85%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                     12283                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              239                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs             162980                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              239                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs           681.924686                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            20557                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           20557                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst         9920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           9920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst         9920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total            9920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst         9920                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total           9920                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          239                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          239                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     17395999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17395999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     17395999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17395999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     17395999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17395999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        10159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        10159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        10159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        10159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        10159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 72786.606695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72786.606695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 72786.606695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72786.606695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 72786.606695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72786.606695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     16917001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16917001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     16917001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16917001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     16917001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16917001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 70782.430962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70782.430962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 70782.430962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70782.430962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 70782.430962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70782.430962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                32                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements               88                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          218.913493                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs               8754                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               88                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            99.477273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   218.913493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.855131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.855131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.859375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             8286                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses            8286                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         1975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           1975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         1848                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          1848                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           24                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           24                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           41                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           41                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data         3823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total            3823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data         3847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total           3847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           25                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           25                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            8                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3112499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3112499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1142000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1142000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       228500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       228500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       115000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       115000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4254499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      4254499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4254499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      4254499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         2078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         1873                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1873                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           32                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           32                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           49                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           49                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           48                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           48                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total         3951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.049567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013348                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013348                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.183673                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.183673                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.145833                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.145833                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.032397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.034145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 30218.436893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30218.436893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        45680                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        45680                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 25388.888889                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25388.888889                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 16428.571429                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16428.571429                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 33238.273438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33238.273438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 31283.080882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31283.080882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2905501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2905501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1092000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1092000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       222500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       222500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         4000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         4000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       101000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       101000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3997501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3997501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4220001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4220001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        73500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        73500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       137500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       137500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.049567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013348                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013348                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.040816                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040816                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.145833                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.145833                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.032397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.034145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 28208.747573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28208.747573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        43680                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        43680                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 27812.500000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27812.500000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 14428.571429                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14428.571429                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 31230.476562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31230.476562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 31029.419118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31029.419118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                20                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.offload_kernel 702850587000 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -105909552.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       185896166.400000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -71446920.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       125406144.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -351901056.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       604491763.200000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -212280238.080000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       382050017.280000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -839013752954.880737
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       1613949601873.921387
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -244853063815.680054
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       470806378021.440063
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -2707333703616.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       5208075348912.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.702851
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       5757191817.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       2945562674.847447
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       519644066.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       192.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       110724679.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       157455341.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       60789036.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       606652421.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       774296342.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       345202150.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       192.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       8858770.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       0.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       519644066.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       192.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       640139849.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       19.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       640139830.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       713072.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       153666719.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       56029761.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       215860410.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       6208.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       4695695.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       5054228.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       23737476
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       63253.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       51171.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       132255.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       442063.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       341049.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       38331.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       1.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       0.000000
