sim_seconds                                  0.164170                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                164169880000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3698955585500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                3700563                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  4181501                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1265205429                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2576264                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   129.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   480175692                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     542581060                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.voltage_domain.voltage               1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.clk_domain.clock                   500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::total            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::total            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data            6                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::total            6                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data            6                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::total            6                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        13056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       486656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       504832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::total          1011712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        13056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::total        19968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::writebacks       473088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::total        473088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1901                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1972                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::total              3952                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::writebacks         1848                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::total             1848                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        79527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2964344                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        34306                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3075059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         7797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1559                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::total             6162592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        79527                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        34306                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         7797                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::total         121630                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::writebacks       2881698                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::total            2881698                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::writebacks       2881698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        79527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2964344                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        34306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3075059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         7797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1559                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::total            9044290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                      3952                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                     1848                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                   31616                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                  14784                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM              1011712                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                473600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys               1011712                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys             473088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        15846                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0            3872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2            3864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3            3984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4            3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5            4064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6            3984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7            3960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0            1840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1            1879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2            1808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3            1824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4            1832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5            1880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6            1872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7            1865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                164152834000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5               31616                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5              14784                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0                  3951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1                  3951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2                  3951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3                  3951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4                  3951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5                  3951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6                  3951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7                  3951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                  625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                  625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                  625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                  625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                  625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::samples         6476                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.356393                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.767061                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.949844                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::32-63          602      9.30%      9.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::64-95           41      0.63%      9.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::96-127           26      0.40%     10.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::128-159           13      0.20%     10.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::160-191           29      0.45%     10.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::192-223           38      0.59%     11.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::224-255          587      9.06%     20.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5140     79.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::total         6476                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::samples          612                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.673203                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    44.723425                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    31.147362                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           17      2.78%      2.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          112     18.30%     21.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::32-35          104     16.99%     38.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           83     13.56%     51.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           69     11.27%     62.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           54      8.82%     71.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           43      7.03%     78.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           23      3.76%     82.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           31      5.07%     87.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           16      2.61%     90.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::96-99           13      2.12%     92.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::104-107           15      2.45%     94.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            7      1.14%     95.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            3      0.49%     96.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            3      0.49%     96.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::136-139           10      1.63%     98.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            1      0.16%     98.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            2      0.33%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            1      0.16%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::176-179            1      0.16%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::200-203            1      0.16%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::216-219            1      0.16%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::224-227            1      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::240-243            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::total          612                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::samples          612                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.183007                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.150233                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.418549                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.16%      0.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.16%      0.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::24            597     97.55%     97.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::32             11      1.80%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::40              2      0.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::total          612                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat                  871046096                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat            1406937296                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat                101171200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                   27550.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat              44500.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                       6.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       2.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                    6.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    2.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                    31.10                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits                  27621                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                 12319                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate               87.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate              83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                 28302212.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                  86.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::IDLE 149111492095                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::REF   14425230600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT     633484748                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::0          2555884.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::1          2595801.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::2          2672006.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::3          2640556.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::0          1724208.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::1               1751136                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::2               1802544                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::3          1781328.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::0         9169305.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::1         9309081.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::2              9544704                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::3         9437875.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::0        4790845.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::1        4751032.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::2        4860518.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::3        4850979.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::0      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::1      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::2      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::3      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::0      3615962826.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::1      3616869755.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::2      3619620037.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::3      3618413406.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::0       39858973632                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::1       39858178080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::2       39855765552                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::3       39856824000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::0        55848428463.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::1        55848706648.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::2        55849517123.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::3        55849199907.840004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::0          77.872133                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::1          77.872521                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::2          77.873651                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::3          77.873209                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       473344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       514816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total          1000960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::total        11008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::writebacks       470784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total        470784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         2011                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total              3910                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::writebacks         1839                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total             1839                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         6237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        34306                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2883257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3119                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        21831                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3135874                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        10916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1559                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total             6097099                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        34306                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        21831                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        10916                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::total          67052                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::writebacks       2867664                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total            2867664                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::writebacks       2867664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         6237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        34306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2883257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3119                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        21831                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3135874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        10916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1559                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total            8964763                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                      3910                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                     1839                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                   31280                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                  14712                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM              1000960                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten                470784                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys               1000960                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys             470784                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        11514                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0            3960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1            3888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2            3848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3            3880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4            3976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5            3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6            3880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0            1824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1            1848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2            1824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3            1800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4            1848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5            1864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6            1840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7            1864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                164172856000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5               31280                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5              14712                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0                  3906                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1                  3906                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2                  3906                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3                  3906                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4                  3906                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5                  3907                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6                  3908                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7                  3908                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                  607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                  607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                  608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                  608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                  608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                  608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                  608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                  620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                  620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                  620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                  620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                  607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::samples         6408                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.672909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.923445                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.868283                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::32-63          608      9.49%      9.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::64-95           30      0.47%      9.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::96-127           18      0.28%     10.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.09%     10.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::160-191           18      0.28%     10.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::192-223           33      0.51%     11.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::224-255          602      9.39%     20.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5093     79.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::total         6408                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::samples          607                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.518946                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    43.851866                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    32.942482                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            2      0.33%      0.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           29      4.78%      5.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          111     18.29%     23.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           94     15.49%     38.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           85     14.00%     52.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           62     10.21%     63.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           48      7.91%     71.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           45      7.41%     78.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           33      5.44%     83.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::80-87           24      3.95%     87.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::88-95           13      2.14%     89.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::96-103           11      1.81%     91.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::104-111           12      1.98%     93.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::112-119           10      1.65%     95.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            8      1.32%     96.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            3      0.49%     97.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            2      0.33%     97.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            2      0.33%     97.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            3      0.49%     98.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            2      0.33%     98.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.16%     98.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            2      0.33%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.16%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            1      0.16%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::232-239            1      0.16%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::240-247            1      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::264-271            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::total          607                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::samples          607                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.237232                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.203045                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.433820                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::24            590     97.20%     97.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::32             16      2.64%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::40              1      0.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::total          607                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  874840668                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat            1405036668                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                100096000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                   27968.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat              44918.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                       6.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       2.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                    6.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    2.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                    31.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits                  27326                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                 12258                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate               87.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate              83.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                 28556767.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                  86.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::IDLE 149110402381                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::REF   14425230600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT     634649962                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::0          2587334.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::1          2523830.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::2          2659910.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::3          2615155.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::0               1745424                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::1               1702584                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::2               1794384                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::3               1764192                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::0         9408921.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::1              9125376                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::2         9457843.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::3         9249177.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::0        4827340.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::1        4681774.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::2        4936826.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::3        4804116.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::0      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::1      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::2      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::3      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::0      3616302473.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::1      3615718118.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::2      3618424952.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::3      3618883506.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::0       39858675696                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::1       39859188288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::2       39856813872                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::3       39856411632                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::0        55848798951.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::1        55848191732.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::2        55849339550.400002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::3        55848979540.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::0          77.872650                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::1          77.871803                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::2          77.873404                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::3          77.872902                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         6656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       503552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       495616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::total          1011456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         6656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::total        10752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::writebacks       473088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::total        473088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1936                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::total              3951                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::writebacks         1848                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::total             1848                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.itb.walker         1559                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        40543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      3067262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        18712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3018922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         6237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         3119                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::total             6161033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        40543                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        18712                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         6237                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::total          65493                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::writebacks       2881698                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::total            2881698                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::writebacks       2881698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.itb.walker         1559                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        40543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3067262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        18712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3018922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         6237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         3119                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::total            9042731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                      3951                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                     1848                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                   31608                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                  14784                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM              1011456                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten                473088                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys               1011456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys             473088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         6034                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0            3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3            3896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4            3944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5            3944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6            3992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7            4024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0            1841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1            1880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2            1816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3            1800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4            1840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5            1848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6            1911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7            1848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                164150630000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5               31608                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5              14784                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0                  3949                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1                  3949                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2                  3949                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3                  3949                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4                  3949                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5                  3950                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6                  3951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7                  3951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::samples         6456                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.947955                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.789961                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.268639                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::32-63          592      9.17%      9.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::64-95           25      0.39%      9.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::96-127           27      0.42%      9.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::128-159           28      0.43%     10.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::160-191           27      0.42%     10.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::192-223           27      0.42%     11.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::224-255          580      8.98%     20.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5150     79.77%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::total         6456                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::samples          614                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.400651                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    44.670330                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.077032                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            2      0.33%      0.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           17      2.77%      3.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          120     19.54%     22.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           93     15.15%     37.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           69     11.24%     49.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           69     11.24%     60.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           57      9.28%     69.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           54      8.79%     78.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           31      5.05%     83.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           31      5.05%     88.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           15      2.44%     90.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::96-99           16      2.61%     93.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            9      1.47%     94.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            7      1.14%     96.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            7      1.14%     97.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.16%     97.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            6      0.98%     98.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            2      0.33%     98.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            2      0.33%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            2      0.33%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            2      0.33%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::176-179            1      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::200-203            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::total          614                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::samples          614                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.078176                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.064450                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.883275                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.16%      0.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.16%      0.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::24            605     98.53%     98.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::32              7      1.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::total          614                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat                  912573524                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat            1448329124                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat                101145600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                   28871.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat              45821.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                       6.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       2.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                    6.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    2.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                    31.19                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits                  27628                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                 12308                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate               87.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate              83.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                 28306713.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                  86.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::IDLE 149120718768                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::REF   14425230600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT     624258075                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::0          2740348.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::1          2688940.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::2          2740348.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::3               2818368                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::0          1848648.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::1          1813968.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::2          1848648.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::3               1901280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::0         9939571.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::1         9737395.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::2         9680985.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::3             10141248                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::0        5073269.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::1        4946780.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::2        5016453.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::3        5139210.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::0      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::1      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::2      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::3      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::0      3617719666.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::1      3618039395.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::2      3620278319.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::3      3619536370.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::0       39857432544                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::1       39857152080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::2       39855188112                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::3       39855838944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::0        55850005809.599998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::1        55849630320.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::2        55850004627.840004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::3        55850627182.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::0          77.874333                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::1          77.873809                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::2          77.874331                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::3          77.875199                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         8192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       468480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         5888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       526336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::total          1010432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         8192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         5888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::total        15360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::writebacks       474624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::total        474624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1830                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         2056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::total              3947                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::writebacks         1854                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::total             1854                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        49900                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2853629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        35865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3206045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         7797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1559                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::total             6154795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        49900                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        35865                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         7797                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::total          93562                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::writebacks       2891054                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::total            2891054                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::writebacks       2891054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        49900                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2853629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        35865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3206045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         7797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1559                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::total            9045849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                      3947                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                     1854                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                   31576                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                  14832                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM              1010432                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                474368                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys               1010432                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys             474624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        12249                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0            3880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1            3888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2            3864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3            3960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4            3904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5            4152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6            3960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7            3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0            1832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1            1880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2            1808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3            1792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4            1824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5            1927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6            1881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7            1880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                164152829000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5               31576                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5              14832                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0                  3944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1                  3944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2                  3944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3                  3944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4                  3945                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5                  3945                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6                  3945                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7                  3945                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                  621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                  625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                  624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                  624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::samples         6475                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.312741                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.537129                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.098931                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::32-63          611      9.44%      9.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::64-95           36      0.56%      9.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::96-127           24      0.37%     10.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::128-159            9      0.14%     10.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::160-191           28      0.43%     10.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::192-223           35      0.54%     11.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::224-255          597      9.22%     20.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5135     79.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::total         6475                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::samples          615                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.317073                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    44.272555                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    30.545560                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            1      0.16%      0.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           20      3.25%      3.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          125     20.33%     23.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           87     14.15%     37.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           84     13.66%     51.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           71     11.54%     63.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           45      7.32%     70.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           39      6.34%     76.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           44      7.15%     83.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           24      3.90%     87.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           16      2.60%     90.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::96-99           15      2.44%     92.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::104-107           10      1.63%     94.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::112-115           11      1.79%     96.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            4      0.65%     96.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            3      0.49%     97.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            4      0.65%     98.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            2      0.33%     98.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            3      0.49%     98.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            1      0.16%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            2      0.33%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            1      0.16%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::200-203            1      0.16%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::208-211            1      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::216-219            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::total          615                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::samples          615                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.104065                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.085368                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.015627                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.16%      0.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::24            605     98.37%     98.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::32              9      1.46%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::total          615                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat                  874557248                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat            1409770448                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat                101043200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                   27696.90                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat              44646.90                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                       6.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       2.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                    6.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    2.89                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     8.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                    30.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits                  27607                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                 12318                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate               87.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate              83.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                 28297333.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                  86.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::IDLE 149109256368                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::REF   14425230600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT     635720475                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::0          2572214.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::1          2574028.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::2          2678054.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::3               2667168                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::0               1735224                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::1          1736448.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::2               1806624                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::3               1799280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::0              9115392                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::1         9205747.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::2         9553190.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::3         9425395.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::0        4833976.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::1        4764303.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::2        4897013.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::3        4870886.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::0      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::1      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::2      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::3      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::0      3617997863.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::1      3618056358.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::2      3618988678.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::3      3619207831.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::0       39857188512                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::1       39857137200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::2       39856319376                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::3       39856127136                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::0        55848694943.040001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::1        55848725847.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::2        55849494697.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::3        55849349458.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::0          77.872505                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::1          77.872548                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::2          77.873620                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::3          77.873417                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        11264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       534528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       457216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::total          1010944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        11264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::total        18432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::writebacks       472320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::total        472320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         2088                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::total              3949                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::writebacks         1845                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::total             1845                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        68612                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      3255944                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        32747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2785018                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        10916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         4678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::total             6157914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        68612                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        32747                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        10916                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::total         112274                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::writebacks       2877020                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::total            2877020                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::writebacks       2877020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        68612                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3255944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        32747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2785018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        10916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         4678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::total            9034934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                      3949                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                     1845                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                   31592                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                  14760                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM              1010944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                472320                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys               1010944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys             472320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        15363                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1            3888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2            3912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3            3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4            4000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5            4048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0            1880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1            1864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2            1824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3            1816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4            1808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5            1832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6            1872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7            1864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                164990455000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5               31592                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5              14760                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0                  3948                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1                  3948                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2                  3948                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3                  3948                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4                  3948                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5                  3948                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6                  3948                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7                  3948                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                  620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                  620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                  621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                  621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                  620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                  620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                  620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::samples         6461                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.571893                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.977669                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.826873                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::32-63          605      9.36%      9.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::64-95           32      0.50%      9.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::96-127           24      0.37%     10.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::128-159           16      0.25%     10.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::160-191           24      0.37%     10.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::192-223           29      0.45%     11.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::224-255          595      9.21%     20.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5136     79.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::total         6461                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::samples          612                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.633987                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    44.236567                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    32.257100                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            2      0.33%      0.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           10      1.63%      1.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          136     22.22%     24.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           96     15.69%     39.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           80     13.07%     52.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           69     11.27%     64.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           46      7.52%     71.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           37      6.05%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           28      4.58%     82.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::80-87           27      4.41%     86.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::88-95           18      2.94%     89.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::96-103           12      1.96%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::104-111           12      1.96%     93.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            8      1.31%     94.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            8      1.31%     96.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            5      0.82%     97.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            3      0.49%     97.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            4      0.65%     98.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            2      0.33%     98.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            2      0.33%     98.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            2      0.33%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            1      0.16%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.16%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            1      0.16%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            1      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::264-271            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::total          612                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::samples          612                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.117647                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.098621                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.043670                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.16%      0.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.16%      0.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::24            600     98.04%     98.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::32             10      1.63%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::total          612                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat                  898076640                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat            1433561040                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat                101094400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                   28427.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat              45377.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                       6.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       2.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                    6.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    2.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                    31.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits                  27613                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                 12278                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate               87.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate              83.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                 28476088.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                  86.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::IDLE 149118162452                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::REF   14425230600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT     626814391                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::0          2574633.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::1               2591568                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::2               2694384                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::3          2656886.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::0               1736856                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::1               1748280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::2               1817640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::3               1792344                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::0              9330048                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::1         9306585.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::2         9665011.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::3         9354508.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::0        4804116.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::1        4774256.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::2        4847247.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::3        4890792.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::0      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::1      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::2      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::3      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::0      3616239764.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::1      3617356489.920001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::2      3618563448.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::3      3618646568.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::0       39858730704                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::1       39857751120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::2       39856692384                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::3       39856619472                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::0        55848667883.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::1        55848780061.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::2        55849531876.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::3        55849212334.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::0          77.872467                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::1          77.872623                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::2          77.873672                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::3          77.873226                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         9984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       497664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         7936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       495104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total          1016064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         9984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::total        19968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::writebacks       473088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total        473088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1934                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total              3969                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::writebacks         1848                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total             1848                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         9356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        60815                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      3031397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         6237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        48340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3015803                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        12475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         4678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total             6189101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        60815                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        48340                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        12475                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::total         121630                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::writebacks       2881698                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total            2881698                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::writebacks       2881698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         9356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        60815                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3031397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         6237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        48340                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3015803                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        12475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         4678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total            9070799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                      3969                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                     1848                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                   31752                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                  14784                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM              1016064                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                473344                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys               1016064                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys             473088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        14700                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0            3944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1            4008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2            4000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3            3912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5            3976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6            3912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7            4064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0            1864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1            1832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2            1816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3            1823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4            1856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5            1848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6            1864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7            1889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                164172821000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5               31752                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5              14784                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0                  3965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1                  3965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2                  3965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3                  3965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4                  3966                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5                  3967                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6                  3968                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7                  3968                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                  624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                  624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::samples         6467                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::mean   230.308953                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.826726                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.320598                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::32-63          611      9.45%      9.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::64-95           16      0.25%      9.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::96-127           18      0.28%      9.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::128-159            9      0.14%     10.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::160-191           18      0.28%     10.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::192-223           16      0.25%     10.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::224-255          607      9.39%     20.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5172     79.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::total         6467                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::samples          610                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::mean    52.052459                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    44.803490                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    31.367265                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           24      3.93%      3.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          104     17.05%     20.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::32-35          107     17.54%     38.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           70     11.48%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           78     12.79%     62.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           53      8.69%     71.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           44      7.21%     78.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           26      4.26%     82.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           23      3.77%     86.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           18      2.95%     89.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::96-99           14      2.30%     91.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            8      1.31%     93.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::112-115           10      1.64%     94.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            4      0.66%     95.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            9      1.48%     97.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            1      0.16%     97.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            5      0.82%     98.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            2      0.33%     98.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            2      0.33%     98.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            3      0.49%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::176-179            2      0.33%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            2      0.33%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::192-195            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::total          610                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::samples          610                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.249180                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.216021                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.390871                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::24            591     96.89%     96.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::32             19      3.11%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::total          610                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  866363268                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat            1404559668                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                101606400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                   27285.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat              44235.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                       6.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       2.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                    6.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    2.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                    31.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits                  27749                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                 12328                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate              83.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                 28222936.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                  86.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::IDLE 149119302140                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::REF   14425230600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT     626100450                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::0          2616969.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::1               2531088                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::2          2656886.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::3          2604873.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::0               1765416                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::1               1707480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::2               1792344                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::3               1757256                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::0         9523737.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::1         9181785.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::2         9512755.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::3         9253670.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::0             4810752                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::1        4684677.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::2        4973322.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::3        4787942.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::0      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::1      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::2      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::3      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::0      3617222918.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::1      3616148381.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::2      3617539035.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::3      3617576190.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::0       39857868288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::1       39858810864                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::2       39857590992                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::3       39857558400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::0        55849059842.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::1        55848316037.760002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::2        55849317096.959999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::3        55848790094.400002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::0          77.873014                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::1          77.871976                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::2          77.873372                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::3          77.872637                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         8704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       492288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       499456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::total          1004288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         8704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::total        12288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::writebacks       471552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::total        471552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1923                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1951                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::total              3923                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::writebacks         1842                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::total             1842                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        53018                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2998650                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        14034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3042312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         7797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1559                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::total             6117371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        53018                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        14034                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         7797                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::total          74849                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::writebacks       2872342                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::total            2872342                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::writebacks       2872342                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        53018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2998650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        14034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3042312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         7797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1559                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::total            8989712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                      3923                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                     1842                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                   31384                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                  14736                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM              1004288                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten                471808                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys               1004288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys             471552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        12535                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0            3944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1            3896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2            3840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3            3888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5            3960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6            3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7            3952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0            1855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1            1848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2            1816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3            1824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4            1824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5            1864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6            1856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7            1857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                164153440000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5               31384                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5              14736                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0                  3923                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1                  3923                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2                  3923                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3                  3923                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4                  3923                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5                  3923                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6                  3923                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7                  3923                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                  620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                  620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                  620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::samples         6437                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.314277                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.533231                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.113182                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::32-63          607      9.43%      9.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::64-95           37      0.57%     10.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::96-127           24      0.37%     10.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::128-159            9      0.14%     10.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::160-191           26      0.40%     10.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::192-223           35      0.54%     11.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::224-255          593      9.21%     20.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5106     79.32%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::total         6437                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::samples          610                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.462295                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    44.285263                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    31.268729                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            2      0.33%      0.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           19      3.11%      3.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          123     20.16%     23.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           94     15.41%     39.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           67     10.98%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           73     11.97%     61.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           48      7.87%     69.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           49      8.03%     77.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           36      5.90%     83.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           27      4.43%     88.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           15      2.46%     90.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::96-99           19      3.11%     93.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            8      1.31%     95.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            7      1.15%     96.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            4      0.66%     96.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            5      0.82%     97.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            1      0.16%     97.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            6      0.98%     98.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            2      0.33%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::176-179            1      0.16%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            1      0.16%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::192-195            1      0.16%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::240-243            2      0.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::total          610                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::samples          610                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.170492                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.147594                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.156313                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::24            597     97.87%     97.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::32             13      2.13%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::total          610                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat                  882071884                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat            1414030684                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat                100428800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                   28105.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat              45055.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                       6.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       2.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                    6.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    2.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                    30.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits                  27425                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                 12266                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate              83.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                 28474143.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                  86.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::IDLE 149121734559                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::REF   14425230600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT     623242284                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::0               2585520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::1               2561328                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::2          2662329.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::3          2716156.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::0               1744200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::1               1727880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::2               1796016                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::3          1832328.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::0         9417907.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::1         9089433.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::2         9445862.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::3              9637056                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::0             4810752                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::1        4684677.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::2        4873789.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::3        4930606.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::0      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::1      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::2      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::3      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::0      3616026958.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::1      3616864994.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::2      3618174553.920001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::3      3619175656.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::0       39858917376                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::1       39858182256                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::2       39857033520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::3       39856155360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::0        55848754474.560005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::1        55848362330.879997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::2        55849237832.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::3        55849698924.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::0          77.872588                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::1          77.872041                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::2          77.873262                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::3          77.873905                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        12288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       470528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       520192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::total          1011968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        12288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::total        18176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::writebacks       471040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::total        471040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1838                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         2032                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::total              3953                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::writebacks         1840                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::total             1840                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         7797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        74849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2866104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        29628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3168620                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         6237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         6237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::total             6164151                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        74849                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        29628                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         6237                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::total         110715                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::writebacks       2869223                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::total            2869223                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::writebacks       2869223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         7797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        74849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2866104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        29628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3168620                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         6237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         6237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::total            9033374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                      3953                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                     1840                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                   31624                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                  14720                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM              1011968                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten                470784                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys               1011968                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys             471040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        16837                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0            3904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1            3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2            3880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3            4008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4            3992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5            3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6            3992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7            3992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0            1832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1            1856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2            1832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3            1816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4            1816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5            1816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6            1880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7            1864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                164996051000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5               31624                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5              14720                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0                  3951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1                  3951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2                  3951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3                  3951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4                  3951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5                  3951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6                  3952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7                  3952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                  608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                  608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                  608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                  608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                  608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                  608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                  608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::samples         6461                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.492648                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.563324                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.129251                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::32-63          618      9.57%      9.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::64-95           33      0.51%     10.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::96-127           15      0.23%     10.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::128-159            7      0.11%     10.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::160-191           17      0.26%     10.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::192-223           39      0.60%     11.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::224-255          596      9.22%     20.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5136     79.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::total         6461                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::samples          609                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.927750                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    44.467342                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    31.308651                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            2      0.33%      0.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           24      3.94%      4.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          109     17.90%     22.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::32-35          106     17.41%     39.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           74     12.15%     51.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           59      9.69%     61.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           56      9.20%     70.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           42      6.90%     77.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           32      5.25%     82.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           20      3.28%     86.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           25      4.11%     90.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::96-99           10      1.64%     91.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            8      1.31%     93.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            6      0.99%     94.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            7      1.15%     95.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            9      1.48%     96.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            8      1.31%     98.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            2      0.33%     98.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            4      0.66%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            2      0.33%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            1      0.16%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            1      0.16%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::192-195            2      0.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::total          609                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::samples          609                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.157635                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.132481                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.194055                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.16%      0.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.16%      0.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::24            594     97.54%     97.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::32             13      2.13%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::total          609                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat                  880086400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat            1416113200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat                101196800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                   27829.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat              44779.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                       6.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       2.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                    6.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    2.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     8.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                    30.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits                  27632                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                 12243                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate              83.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                 28481969.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                  86.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::IDLE 149115361868                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::REF   14425230600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT     629614975                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::0          2540764.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::1          2565561.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::2          2598825.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::3          2636323.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::0          1714008.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::1               1730736                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::2               1753176                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::3               1778472                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::0         9133363.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::1              9197760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::2         9257164.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::3         9405427.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::0        4751032.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::1             4727808                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::2        4797480.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::3        4831073.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::0      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::1      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::2      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::3      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::0      3616161405.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::1      3616354457.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::2      3617473700.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::3      3617148936.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::0       39858799440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::1       39858630096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::2       39857648304                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::3       39857933184                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::0        55848351774.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::1        55848458180.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::2        55848780412.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::3        55848985177.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::0          77.872026                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::1          77.872175                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::2          77.872624                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::3          77.872909                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       487936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       506880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::total          1012224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        12544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::total        17152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::writebacks       473600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::total        473600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           49                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1906                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1980                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::total              3954                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::writebacks         1850                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::total             1850                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        76409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2972141                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1559                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        21831                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3087533                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         6237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::total             6165711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        76409                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        21831                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         6237                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::total         104477                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::writebacks       2884817                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::total            2884817                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::writebacks       2884817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        76409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2972141                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1559                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        21831                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3087533                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         6237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::total            9050527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                      3954                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                     1850                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                   31632                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                  14800                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM              1012224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                473344                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys               1012224                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys             473600                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        12582                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0            3904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1            3896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2            3944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3            4008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4            3912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5            4008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6            4000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7            3960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0            1864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1            1864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2            1816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3            1792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4            1807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5            1864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6            1904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7            1881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                164150105000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5               31632                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5              14800                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0                  3953                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1                  3953                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2                  3953                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3                  3953                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4                  3953                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5                  3953                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6                  3953                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7                  3954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::samples         6472                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.542645                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.780539                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.956687                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::32-63          614      9.49%      9.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::64-95           28      0.43%      9.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::96-127           24      0.37%     10.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::128-159            8      0.12%     10.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::160-191           24      0.37%     10.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::192-223           28      0.43%     11.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::224-255          605      9.35%     20.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5141     79.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::total         6472                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::samples          612                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.633987                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    44.691493                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.732633                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            1      0.16%      0.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           24      3.92%      4.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          113     18.46%     22.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           83     13.56%     36.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           89     14.54%     50.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           62     10.13%     60.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           58      9.48%     70.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           44      7.19%     77.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           29      4.74%     82.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           39      6.37%     88.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           18      2.94%     91.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            8      1.31%     92.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            7      1.14%     93.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            9      1.47%     95.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            7      1.14%     96.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            4      0.65%     97.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            6      0.98%     98.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            3      0.49%     98.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            2      0.33%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            1      0.16%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            2      0.33%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::176-179            1      0.16%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            2      0.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::total          612                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::samples          612                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.169935                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.147110                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.154460                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::24            599     97.88%     97.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::32             13      2.12%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::total          612                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat                  920084032                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat            1456246432                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat                101222400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                   29087.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat              46037.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                       6.17                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       2.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                    6.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    2.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                    30.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits                  27631                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                 12322                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate               87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate              83.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                 28282237.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                  86.05                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::IDLE 149118586003                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::REF   14425230600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT     625963150                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::0          2586124.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::1               2652048                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::2          2649628.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::3          2725228.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::0          1744608.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::1               1789080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::2          1787448.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::3          1838448.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::0              9437376                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::1         9741388.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::2         9545203.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::3         9600115.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::0        4820705.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::1        4794163.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::2        4903649.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::3        4957148.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::0      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::1      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::2      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::3      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::0      3615645450.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::1      3616718126.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::2        3616209504                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::3      3618986653.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::0       39859252032                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::1       39858311088                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::2       39858757248                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::3       39856321152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::0        55848738057.599998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::1        55849257655.680000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::2        55849104442.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::3        55849680506.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::0          77.872565                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::1          77.873289                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::2          77.873076                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::3          77.873879                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         7168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       473856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       517632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total          1005568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         7168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::total        12032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::writebacks       472576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total        472576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1851                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         2022                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total              3928                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::writebacks         1846                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total             1846                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         6237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        43662                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2886376                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1559                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        20272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3153027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         9356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         4678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total             6125167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        43662                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        20272                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         9356                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::total          73290                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::writebacks       2878579                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total            2878579                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::writebacks       2878579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         6237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        43662                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2886376                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1559                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        20272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3153027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         9356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         4678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total            9003747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                      3928                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                     1846                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                   31424                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                  14768                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM              1005312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten                472320                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys               1005568                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys             472576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        15803                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0            3872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1            3912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2            3912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3            3872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4            3952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5            4000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6            3912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7            3984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0            1856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1            1840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2            1824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3            1800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4            1840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5            1888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6            1849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7            1863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                164976563000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5               31424                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5              14768                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0                  3925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1                  3925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2                  3925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3                  3925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4                  3925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5                  3925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6                  3926                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7                  3926                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::samples         6420                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::mean   230.160748                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.570262                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.489114                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::32-63          609      9.49%      9.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::64-95           19      0.30%      9.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::96-127           17      0.26%     10.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.09%     10.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::160-191           18      0.28%     10.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::192-223           23      0.36%     10.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::224-255          598      9.31%     20.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5130     79.91%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::total         6420                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::samples          612                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.241830                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    44.838653                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.734544                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            3      0.49%      0.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           12      1.96%      2.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          120     19.61%     22.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           91     14.87%     36.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           76     12.42%     49.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           66     10.78%     60.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           61      9.97%     70.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           37      6.05%     76.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           35      5.72%     81.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           41      6.70%     88.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           17      2.78%     91.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::96-99           11      1.80%     93.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::104-107           14      2.29%     95.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            7      1.14%     96.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::120-123           11      1.80%     98.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            5      0.82%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            2      0.33%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            1      0.16%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            1      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::240-243            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::total          612                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::samples          612                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.117647                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.088549                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.238716                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      0.33%      0.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.16%      0.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.16%      0.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::24            596     97.39%     98.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::32             12      1.96%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::total          612                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  867862928                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat            1400364128                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                100531200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                   27624.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat              44574.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                       6.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       2.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                    6.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    2.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     8.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                    31.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits                  27463                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                 12293                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate               87.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate              83.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                 28572317.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                  86.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::IDLE 149104321354                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::REF   14425230600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT     640655489                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::0          2584310.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::1          2548627.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::2          2649628.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::3          2660515.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::0               1743384                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::1               1719312                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::2          1787448.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::3               1794792                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::0         9349516.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::1              9305088                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::2         9456844.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::3              9409920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::0        4824023.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::1        4701265.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::2        4923555.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::3        4917335.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::0      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::1      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::2      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::3      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::0      3616837963.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::1      3616379902.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::2      3618941837.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::3      3619128870.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::0       39858205968                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::1       39858607776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::2       39856360464                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::3       39856196400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::0        55848796926.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::1        55848513732.480003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::2        55849371540.480003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::3        55849359594.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::0          77.872647                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::1          77.872252                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::2          77.873448                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::3          77.873432                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        12800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       454912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       534016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::total          1009664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        12800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::total        19456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::writebacks       470784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::total        470784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           50                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1777                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         2086                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::total              3944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::writebacks         1839                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::total             1839                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         7797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        77968                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2770983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        29628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3252826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        10916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::total             6150117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        77968                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        29628                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        10916                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::total         118511                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::writebacks       2867664                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::total            2867664                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::writebacks       2867664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         7797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        77968                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2770983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        29628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3252826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        10916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::total            9017781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                      3944                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                     1839                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                   31552                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                  14712                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM              1009664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten                471040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys               1009664                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys             470784                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs       169460                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2            3960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3            3976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4            3952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5            3960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7            3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0            1848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1            1872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2            1848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3            1784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4            1808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5            1825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6            1879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7            1856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                164170811000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5               31552                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5              14712                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0                  3941                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1                  3941                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2                  3941                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3                  3942                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4                  3942                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5                  3942                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6                  3943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7                  3943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::samples         6446                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.708967                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.106249                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.756863                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::32-63          604      9.37%      9.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::64-95           36      0.56%      9.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::96-127           17      0.26%     10.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::128-159           10      0.16%     10.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::160-191           21      0.33%     10.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::192-223           35      0.54%     11.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::224-255          594      9.22%     20.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5129     79.57%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::total         6446                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::samples          610                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.724590                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    44.469934                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    31.569813                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            1      0.16%      0.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           23      3.77%      3.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          117     19.18%     23.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           88     14.43%     37.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           83     13.61%     51.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           73     11.97%     63.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           43      7.05%     70.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           39      6.39%     76.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           43      7.05%     83.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::80-87           22      3.61%     87.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::88-95           14      2.30%     89.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::96-103           15      2.46%     91.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            6      0.98%     92.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::112-119           19      3.11%     96.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            8      1.31%     97.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            4      0.66%     98.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            3      0.49%     98.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            2      0.33%     98.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            4      0.66%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.16%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::272-279            1      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::280-287            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::total          610                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::samples          610                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.131148                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.113454                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.016698                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::24            600     98.36%     98.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::32             10      1.64%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::total          610                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat                  879456704                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat            1414263104                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat                100966400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                   27873.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat              44823.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                       6.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       2.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                    6.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    2.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     8.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                    30.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits                  27567                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                 12259                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate               87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate              83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                 28388519.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                  86.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::IDLE 149124471488                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::REF   14425230600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT     620758102                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::0          2581286.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::1          2610316.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::2          2624227.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::3          2675635.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::0               1741344                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::1          1760928.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::2               1770312                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::3               1804992                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::0         9341529.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::1         9509260.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::2         9306086.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::3         9425395.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::0        4833976.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::1        4774256.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::2             4821120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::3        4910284.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::0      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::1      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::2      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::3      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::0      3616343951.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::1      3617353972.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::2      3617682073.920001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::3      3618758252.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::0       39858639312                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::1       39857753328                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::2       39857465520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::3       39856521504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::0        55848733160.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::1        55849013824.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::2        55848921100.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::3        55849347824.640007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::0          77.872558                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::1          77.872949                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::2          77.872820                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::3          77.873415                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         5888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       488192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       502528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total          1004800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         5888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::total        11008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::writebacks       471040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total        471040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1907                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1963                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total              3925                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::writebacks         1840                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total             1840                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.itb.walker         1559                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        35865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2973700                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         7797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        29628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3061024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1559                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         4678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total             6120489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        35865                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        29628                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1559                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::total          67052                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::writebacks       2869223                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total            2869223                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::writebacks       2869223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.itb.walker         1559                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        35865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2973700                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         7797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        29628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3061024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1559                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         4678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total            8989712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                      3926                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                     1840                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                   31408                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                  14720                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM              1004992                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten                471552                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys               1005056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys             471040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        12975                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0            3918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1            3904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2            3848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4            3976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5            3896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6            3912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7            4016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0            1857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1            1824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2            1832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3            1808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4            1832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5            1832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6            1888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7            1863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                165000647000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5               31408                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5              14720                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0                  3924                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1                  3924                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2                  3924                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3                  3924                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4                  3924                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5                  3924                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6                  3925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7                  3925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                  606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                  606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                  606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                  606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                  606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                  606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                  606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                  607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                  621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                  621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                  621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                  608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::samples         6448                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::mean   228.962779                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::gmean   203.810945                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.555541                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::32-63          623      9.66%      9.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::64-95           32      0.50%     10.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::96-127           22      0.34%     10.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::128-159            8      0.12%     10.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::160-191           25      0.39%     11.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::192-223           38      0.59%     11.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::224-255          602      9.34%     20.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5098     79.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::total         6448                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::samples          608                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.644737                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    44.796309                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    30.043660                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            1      0.16%      0.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           14      2.30%      2.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          117     19.24%     21.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::32-35          103     16.94%     38.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           77     12.66%     51.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           58      9.54%     60.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           56      9.21%     70.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           51      8.39%     78.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           26      4.28%     82.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           29      4.77%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           18      2.96%     90.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::96-99           10      1.64%     92.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::104-107           16      2.63%     94.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            3      0.49%     95.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::120-123           11      1.81%     97.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.16%     97.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            6      0.99%     98.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            5      0.82%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            1      0.16%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            2      0.33%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            2      0.33%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::240-243            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::total          608                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::samples          608                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.236842                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.200590                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.432671                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.16%      0.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::24            588     96.71%     96.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::32             19      3.12%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::total          608                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  868929436                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat            1401261136                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                100499200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                   27665.86                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                  3199.80                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat              44614.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                       6.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       2.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                    6.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    2.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     8.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                    31.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits                  27444                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                 12249                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate              83.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                 28616137.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                  86.05                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::IDLE 149109002108                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::REF   14425230600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT     636488982                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::0          2569795.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::1               2546208                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::2          2572819.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::3          2699222.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::0               1733592                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::1               1717680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::2               1735632                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::3               1820904                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::0         9353011.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::1         9081945.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::2         9117388.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::3         9461337.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::0        4794577.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::1        4681359.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::2        4774256.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::3        4970004.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::0      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::1      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::2      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::3      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::0      3615887969.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::1      3616324197.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::2      3617187842.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::3      3619113986.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::0       39859039296                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::1       39858656640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::2       39857899056                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::3       39856209456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::0        55848630002.879997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::1        55848259791.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::2        55848538756.799995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::3        55849526672.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::0          77.872414                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::1          77.871898                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::2          77.872287                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::3          77.873665                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         8704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       458752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       534272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total          1011712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         8704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::total        16384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::writebacks       475904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total        475904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         2087                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total              3952                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::writebacks         1859                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total             1859                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         9356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        53018                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2794374                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1559                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        37425                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3254385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         9356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         3119                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total             6162592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        53018                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        37425                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         9356                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::total          99799                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::writebacks       2898851                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total            2898851                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::writebacks       2898851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         9356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        53018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2794374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1559                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        37425                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3254385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         9356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         3119                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total            9061443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                      3952                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                     1859                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                   31616                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                  14872                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM              1011712                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                475904                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys               1011712                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys             475904                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        12206                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0            3888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1            3896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2            3896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3            3992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4            3992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5            3960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6            3960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7            4032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0            1872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1            1832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2            1816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3            1817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4            1872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5            1872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6            1872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7            1919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                164167451000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5               31616                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5              14872                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0                  3949                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1                  3949                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2                  3949                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3                  3950                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4                  3950                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5                  3950                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6                  3951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7                  3951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                  627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                  627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                  628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                  627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                  627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                  627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                  627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                  621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::samples         6470                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.925193                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.286404                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.665383                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::32-63          612      9.46%      9.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::64-95           26      0.40%      9.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::96-127           17      0.26%     10.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::128-159            9      0.14%     10.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::160-191           19      0.29%     10.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::192-223           27      0.42%     10.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::224-255          600      9.27%     20.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5160     79.75%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::total         6470                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::samples          612                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.620915                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    44.112711                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    33.238907                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            2      0.33%      0.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           27      4.41%      4.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          105     17.16%     21.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::32-39          104     16.99%     38.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           83     13.56%     52.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           61      9.97%     62.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           61      9.97%     72.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           30      4.90%     77.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           25      4.08%     81.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::80-87           41      6.70%     88.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::88-95           17      2.78%     90.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::96-103           17      2.78%     93.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            7      1.14%     94.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            6      0.98%     95.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            6      0.98%     96.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            5      0.82%     97.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            3      0.49%     98.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            2      0.33%     98.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            3      0.49%     98.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            2      0.33%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            1      0.16%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            1      0.16%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::248-255            1      0.16%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::264-271            1      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::328-335            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::total          612                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::samples          612                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.300654                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.260886                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.522703                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::24            589     96.24%     96.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::32             23      3.76%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::total          612                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  873820652                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat            1409711852                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                101171200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                   27638.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat              44588.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                       6.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       2.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                    6.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    2.90                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     8.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                    30.83                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits                  27626                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                 12392                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate              83.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                 28251153.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                  86.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::IDLE 149118203072                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::REF   14425230600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT     626773771                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::0               2597616                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::1          2550441.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::2          2656281.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::3          2694988.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::0               1752360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::1               1720536                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::2               1791936                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::3          1818048.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::0         9342028.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::1         9354508.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::2         9460838.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::3              9602112                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::0        4830658.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::1        4675138.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::2        4943462.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::3        4966686.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::0      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::1      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::2      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::3      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::0      3617049401.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::1      3616051417.920001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::2      3618744736.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::3      3619279131.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::0       39858020496                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::1       39858895920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::2       39856533360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::3       39856064592                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::0        55848844321.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::1        55848499724.159996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::2         55849382376                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::3        55849677320.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::0          77.872713                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::1          77.872233                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::2          77.873463                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::3          77.873875                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         8448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       538624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       453632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::total          1005568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         8448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::total        12544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::writebacks       468224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::total        468224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         2104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1772                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::total              3928                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::writebacks         1829                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::total             1829                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        51459                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      3280894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        18712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2763187                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         6237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         4678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::total             6125167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        51459                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        18712                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         6237                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::total          76409                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::writebacks       2852070                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::total            2852070                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::writebacks       2852070                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        51459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3280894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        18712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2763187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         6237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         4678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::total            8977237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                      3928                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                     1829                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                   31424                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                  14632                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM              1005344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ                   224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten                467712                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys               1005568                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys             468224                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                    7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        18012                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0            3992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2            3872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3            3896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4            3904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5            3960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7            3937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0            1824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1            1824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2            1808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3            1816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4            1816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5            1824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6            1873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7            1831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                164147244000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5               31424                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5              14632                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0                  3928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1                  3927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2                  3927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3                  3927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4                  3927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5                  3927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6                  3927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7                  3927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                  607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                  607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                  607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                  607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                  607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                  607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                  607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                  607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                  607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                  607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                  607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                  607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                  607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                  607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                  608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                  606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::samples         6400                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::mean   230.165000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.394530                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.657085                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::32-63          612      9.56%      9.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::64-95           26      0.41%      9.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::96-127            6      0.09%     10.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::128-159            5      0.08%     10.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::160-191            8      0.12%     10.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::192-223           29      0.45%     10.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::224-255          595      9.30%     20.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5119     79.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::total         6400                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::samples          606                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.790429                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    43.884346                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    33.915753                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            2      0.33%      0.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           22      3.63%      3.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          123     20.30%     24.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::32-39          106     17.49%     41.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           73     12.05%     53.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           52      8.58%     62.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           52      8.58%     70.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           41      6.77%     77.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           29      4.79%     82.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::80-87           22      3.63%     86.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::88-95           20      3.30%     89.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::96-103           14      2.31%     91.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            8      1.32%     93.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::112-119           11      1.82%     94.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            9      1.49%     96.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            7      1.16%     97.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            1      0.17%     97.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            1      0.17%     97.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            2      0.33%     98.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            4      0.66%     98.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            2      0.33%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            1      0.17%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            1      0.17%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::256-263            2      0.33%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::280-287            1      0.17%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::total          606                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::samples          606                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.118812                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.102760                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.968466                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::24            597     98.51%     98.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::32              9      1.49%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::total          606                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat                  871104690                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat            1403622840                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat                100534400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                   27727.18                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat              44677.18                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                       6.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       2.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                    6.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    2.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                    31.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits                  27465                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                 12168                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate               87.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate              83.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                 28512635.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                  86.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::IDLE 149127661596                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::REF   14425230600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT     617301497                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::0          2665353.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::1          2595801.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::2          2595196.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::3          2699827.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::0               1798056                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::1               1751136                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::2          1750728.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::3               1821312                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::0         9702451.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::1         9381465.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::2         9237196.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::3         9597619.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::0        4900331.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::1        4731125.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::2        4837294.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::3        4943877.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::0      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::1      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::2      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::3      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::0      3617283110.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::1      3617451483.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::2      3616908168.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::3      3618892753.920001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::0       39857815488                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::1       39857667792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::2       39858144384                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::3       39856403520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::0         55849416552                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::1        55848830566.079994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::2        55848724729.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::3        55849610670.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::0          77.873511                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::1          77.872694                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::2          77.872546                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::3          77.873782                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        10240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       503552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       489216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::total          1009152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        10240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::total        16384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::writebacks       468992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::total        468992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::total              3942                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::writebacks         1832                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::total             1832                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        62374                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      3067262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        28068                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2979938                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         9356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::total             6146998                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        62374                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        28068                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         9356                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::total          99799                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::writebacks       2856748                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::total            2856748                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::writebacks       2856748                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        62374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3067262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        28068                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2979938                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         9356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::total            9003747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                      3942                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                     1832                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                   31536                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                  14656                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM              1009152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                469504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys               1009152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys             468992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        10683                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0            3904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1            3888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2            3880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3            3976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4            3952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6            4032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7            3984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0            1832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1            1856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2            1768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3            1784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4            1816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5            1839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6            1888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7            1889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                164149630000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5               31536                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5              14656                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0                  3940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1                  3940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2                  3940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3                  3940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4                  3941                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5                  3941                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6                  3941                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7                  3942                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                  605                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                  605                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                  605                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                  605                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                  605                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                  605                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                  606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                  606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                  606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                  606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                  606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                  606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                  606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                  607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                  620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                  621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                  621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                  621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                  621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                  621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                  620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                  606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::samples         6429                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.997822                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.359505                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.623448                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::32-63          610      9.49%      9.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::64-95           21      0.33%      9.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::96-127           17      0.26%     10.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::128-159           12      0.19%     10.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::160-191           18      0.28%     10.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::192-223           21      0.33%     10.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::224-255          599      9.32%     20.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5131     79.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::total         6429                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::samples          606                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::mean    52.052805                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    44.835707                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    31.459020                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           24      3.96%      3.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          113     18.65%     22.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           91     15.02%     37.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           73     12.05%     49.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           69     11.39%     61.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           53      8.75%     69.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           40      6.60%     76.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           32      5.28%     81.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::80-87           38      6.27%     87.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::88-95           21      3.47%     91.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::96-103           14      2.31%     93.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            6      0.99%     94.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            4      0.66%     95.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            8      1.32%     96.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            4      0.66%     97.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            2      0.33%     97.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            4      0.66%     98.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            2      0.33%     98.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            2      0.33%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.17%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            1      0.17%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.17%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            1      0.17%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::232-239            1      0.17%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::264-271            1      0.17%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::total          606                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::samples          606                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.211221                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.182988                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.283695                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::24            590     97.36%     97.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::32             16      2.64%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::total          606                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat                  893258856                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat            1427794056                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat                100915200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                   28325.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat              45275.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                       6.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       2.86                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                    6.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    2.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                    31.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits                  27556                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                 12223                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate              83.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                 28429101.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                  86.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::IDLE 149141423573                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::REF   14425230600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT     603350080                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::0          2611526.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::1          2612131.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::2          2632694.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::3          2744582.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::0               1761744                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::1               1762152                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::2               1776024                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::3               1851504                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::0         9449356.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::1         9508761.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::2         9429388.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::3         9777830.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::0        4827340.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::1        4777574.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::2        4853882.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::3        5016867.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::0      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::1      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::2      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::3      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::0      3615841840.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::1      3616057820.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::2      3617344506.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::3      3619045313.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::0       39859079760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::1       39858890304                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::2       39857761632                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::3       39856269696                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::0        55848823329.599998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::1        55848860504.640007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::2        55849049889.599998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::3        55849957555.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::0          77.872684                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::1          77.872736                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::2          77.873000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::3          77.874265                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         7680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       529408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         6912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       463104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total          1010688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         7680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::total        15104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::writebacks       471808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total        471808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         2068                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1809                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total              3948                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::writebacks         1843                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total             1843                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         6237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        46781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      3224757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         7797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        42103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2820883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         3119                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         4678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total             6156355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        46781                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        42103                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3119                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::total          92002                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::writebacks       2873901                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total            2873901                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::writebacks       2873901                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         6237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        46781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3224757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         7797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        42103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2820883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         3119                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         4678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total            9030256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                      3948                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                     1843                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                   31584                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                  14744                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM              1010688                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                472064                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys               1010688                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys             471808                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        16284                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1            3944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2            3872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3            3960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4            4000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6            3984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7            3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0            1855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1            1832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2            1808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3            1816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4            1840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5            1880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6            1880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7            1841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                164998658000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5               31584                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5              14744                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0                  3945                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1                  3945                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2                  3946                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3                  3946                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4                  3946                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5                  3946                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6                  3947                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7                  3947                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                  620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                  620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                  620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                  620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                  620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                  620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                  620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::samples         6445                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::mean   230.062374                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.444004                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.572367                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::32-63          609      9.45%      9.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::64-95           29      0.45%      9.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::96-127           12      0.19%     10.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.09%     10.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::160-191           13      0.20%     10.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::192-223           31      0.48%     10.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::224-255          602      9.34%     20.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5143     79.80%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::total         6445                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::samples          610                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.790164                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    44.159303                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    32.833289                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            1      0.16%      0.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           25      4.10%      4.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          127     20.82%     25.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           77     12.62%     37.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           86     14.10%     51.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           67     10.98%     62.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           47      7.70%     70.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           46      7.54%     78.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           29      4.75%     82.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::80-87           29      4.75%     87.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::88-95           15      2.46%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::96-103           11      1.80%     91.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::104-111           12      1.97%     93.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            9      1.48%     95.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            5      0.82%     96.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            6      0.98%     97.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            3      0.49%     97.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            5      0.82%     98.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            1      0.16%     98.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            3      0.49%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.16%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            2      0.33%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            1      0.16%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::264-271            1      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::280-287            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::total          610                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::samples          610                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.183607                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.158985                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.198957                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::24            596     97.70%     97.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::32             14      2.30%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::total          610                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  880094116                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat            1415442916                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                101068800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                   27865.19                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat              44815.19                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                       6.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       2.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                    6.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    2.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                    30.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits                  27600                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                 12291                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate              83.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                 28492256.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                  86.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::IDLE 149106758541                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::REF   14425230600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT     638218302                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::0          2629670.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::1               2552256                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::2               2591568                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::3               2697408                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::0               1773984                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::1               1721760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::2               1748280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::3               1819680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::0              9644544                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::1         9293606.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::2         9249676.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::3         9518745.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::0        4804116.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::1        4760985.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::2             4810752                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::3        4927288.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::0      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::1      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::2      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::3      12355251761.280001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::0      3617088635.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::1      3615694369.920001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::2      3617884483.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::3      3620100150.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::0       39857986080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::1       39859209120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::2       39857287968                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::3       39855344400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::0        55849178791.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::1        55848483859.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::2        55848824489.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::3        55849659433.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::0          77.873179                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::1          77.872210                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::2          77.872685                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::3          77.873850                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               38271                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              38270                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 71                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp                71                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             29502                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           522083                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         895309                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          373083                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             25124                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            24909                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          348                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave      1946345                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      1946693                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1946693                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave     23699713                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     23700409                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                23700409                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     19135500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    629843000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        71000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        35500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    486783499                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq    261043496                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq    447665478                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp    186541500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     12562000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    410998500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq           91                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp           94                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback          577                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           10                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp           15                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           28                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           87                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq       571000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       753000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback      2394496                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        91000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       120500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       257000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       715500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                           706                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                          196                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                         1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime             3313496                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime            1589000                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                          1044524                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1510185                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 1510185    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1510185                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              122000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                 174                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy           704863999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded              465662                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy         1227418500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded             436333                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq              38167                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp             38166                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback            29502                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          212255                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        160828                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         373083                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq            24909                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp           24909                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         5524                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         7654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         8694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port        10078                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         8617                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port        10356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         8674                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port        11430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port        87200                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        10835                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         8887                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port        10567                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         8473                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port        10423                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         8068                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         9886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total       225366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         5478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         7763                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         8752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port        10069                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         8567                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port        10326                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         8699                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port        11398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port        87651                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        10682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         8927                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port        10530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         8518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port        10269                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         8127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         9740                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total       225497                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         5426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         7738                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         8883                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port        10126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         8507                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port        10342                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         8670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port        11391                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port        87011                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        11002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         8961                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port        10580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         8592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port        10144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         8310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         9626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total       225309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         5390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         7927                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         8593                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port        10196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         8555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port        10420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         8715                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port        11490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port        86785                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        10901                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         8866                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port        10630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         8592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port        10472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         8182                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         9934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total       225649                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total                901821                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       378880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       359424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       377856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       370432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       378624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       370432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       369920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       370688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       380416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       370944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       365312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       361728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       370688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       382208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       357632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       374272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total      5939456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       378368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       370432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       377344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       367872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       373248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       370944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       367360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       377856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       368896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       364800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       379392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       367616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       376576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       367872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       368128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       369920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total      5946624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       367872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       366848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       382464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       368128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       373248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       365824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       364800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       366080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       361472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       381952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       374528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       375808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       370176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       355328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       386816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       360448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total      5921792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       359424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       381440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       348160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       376832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       359936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       377600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       373760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       359168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       369664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       365312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       356608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       377344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       370176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       372736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       359168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       384512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total      5891841                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total               23699713                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     53433800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    376363557                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         2200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    277318400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq    297157000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq    225159200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp    521943117                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     34872600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    246177194                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback          400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                            1                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                           0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime                400                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime                 0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy           31350200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded              11833                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy           37695800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded              16457                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy           40540400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded              18386                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy           44379800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded              21157                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy           40102000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded              18050                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy           45088400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded              21646                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy           40356000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded              18300                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy           47908600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded              23769                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy          260051800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded             175243                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy           46402000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded              22630                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy          40957400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded             18741                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy          45649000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded             22075                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy          40095800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded             18017                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy          44975800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded             21577                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy          38880200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded             17263                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy          43507800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded             20517                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.occupancy              2200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.succeeded                 1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy         285729777                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded            108951                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy         287245536                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded            109082                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy         284580858                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded            108893                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy         286929197                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded            109233                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq        38167                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp        38166                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback        29502                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       212255                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       160828                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       373083                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq        24909                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp        24909                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave       225366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave       225497                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave       225309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave       225649                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total       901821                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave      5939456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave      5946624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave      5921792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave      5891841                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total     23699713                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     30533600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    152664000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq          900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    118008000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq    169804000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq    128662400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp    298466400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     19927200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     99636000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp           23                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           27                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp        55500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         9600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        79500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                    54                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess                  1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime       144600                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy    117016800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded       116415                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy    116600800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded       116415                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy    117203200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded       116416                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy    116115300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded       116416                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy    550767200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded       436159                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1591881                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1591880                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq                71                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp               71                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            47330                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          521966                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        895435                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        1417401                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq         9256                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp         9256                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            54754                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           54754                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        61476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1756644                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side        15405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        62954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1779948                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side        15350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1084                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          603                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               3693537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7868928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20295468                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side        26144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8058112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     23447400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side        25964                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       138752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        56613                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               59917517                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    851204251                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   5078443369                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        71499                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        35999                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback   1539755932                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq    260990485                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq    448394643                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp    186547497                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq      4632990                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     27400453                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    997556996                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        13818                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp         3172                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback         1314                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         2241                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        11507                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            9                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           14                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq         3777                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp          368                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    260113000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     52785976                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        67500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback     24002822                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     28886500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq    163697000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       116500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq     99055500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      7834000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      6384000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                        32726                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                        3549                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime          583656322                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime          59286476                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                         2500518                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          3120518                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47               3120518    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            3120518                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3132450753                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded            3120693                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         999011447                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded             30738                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       25859500506                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            15.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded           1491407                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy             18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                18                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy           8878980                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded              8869                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy        1023027949                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded             31477                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy       26037190978                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization            15.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded           1501082                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.occupancy             19000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                19                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy           8865487                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded              8859                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy         17619491                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              542                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy          9170997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              349                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                2                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.numCycles                        0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_func_calls                   0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_insts                    0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_load_insts                   0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_store_insts                  0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.idle_fraction                    1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShift              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemRead                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IprAccess              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::total                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples        16416                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0        16416    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total        16416                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalReadBytes                  0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples        16416                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0        16416    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total        16416                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalWrittenBytes               0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::0              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::1              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::2              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::3              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::4              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::5              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::6              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::7              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::8              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::9              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::10             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::11             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::12             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::13             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::14             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::15             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::16             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::17             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::18             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::19             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::mean             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::total              0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean           0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::samples              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::mean               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::total                0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples        16416                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0        16416    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total        16416                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples        16416                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0        16416    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total        16416                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::samples        16416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::mean             0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::0            16416    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::total        16416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::samples        16416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::0           16416    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::total        16416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count::total              2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size::total               1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedReq                     0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedResp                    0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespSuccess                1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy         1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy          700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                     63153                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8081.929709                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       77969                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     63153                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.234605                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3320.419123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     6.883494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.004766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst   146.641445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data  2129.307001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     2.667751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst    59.079089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data  2234.770352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst    58.675860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data    10.271646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst    11.356906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst     3.091874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst     1.232440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst            5                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data     1.065051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     1.621034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.itb.walker     0.176456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst    60.899731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data    25.765690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.405325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.017901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.259925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.007212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.272799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.007163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.001254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.001386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.000377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.000150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.000610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.000130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.itb.walker     0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.007434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.003145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.986564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          669                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3940                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.001343                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.990112                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   5054710                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  5054710                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         6496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst        30145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        24280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         6467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst        31164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        29581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  128730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            47330                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 47330                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          278                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          134                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  420                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           70                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                126                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         2232                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         3007                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  5248                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         6496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst         30145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data         26512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         6467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst         31164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data         32588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data           119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   133978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         6496                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           14                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst        30145                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data        26512                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         6467                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst        31164                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data        32588                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          455                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data          119                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  133978                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst          593                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        19233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst          313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        19837                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst           87                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 40154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       107220                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       104485                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             211718                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        78330                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        82496                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           160828                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        12691                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        12749                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               25446                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst          593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data        31924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst          313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data        32586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst           87                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  65600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst          593                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data        31924                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst          313                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data        32586                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst           87                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 65600                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      5140500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     76021500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   2398992955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      2838000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     39842500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   2467967460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     11239000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3231000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5005557915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      6918000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      3944000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     10927500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      3916000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      3525000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      7441000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1600152998                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1606929494                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       799000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    3207881492                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      5140500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     76021500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   3999145953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      2838000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     39842500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   4074896954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     11239000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4030000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       8213439407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      5140500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     76021500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   3999145953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      2838000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     39842500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   4074896954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     11239000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4030000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      8213439407                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         6536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           16                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        30738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        43513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         6491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        31477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        49418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              168884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        47330                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             47330                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data       107498                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data       104619                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           212138                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        78386                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        82566                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         160954                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        14923                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        15756                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             30694                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         6536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        30738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data        58436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         6491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        31477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data        65174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               199578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         6536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           16                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        30738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data        58436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         6491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        31477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data        65174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data          150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              199578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.006120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.125000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.019292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.442006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.003697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.009944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.401412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.160517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.185185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.237761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.997414                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.998719                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.619048                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.998020                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.999286                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.999152                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.999217                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.850432                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.809152                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.829022                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.006120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.125000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.019292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.546307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.003697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.009944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.499985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.160517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.206667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.328694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.006120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.125000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.019292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.546307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.003697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.009944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.499985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.160517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.206667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.328694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 128512.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       142500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 128198.145025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 124733.164613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       118250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 127292.332268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 124412.333518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 129183.908046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       129240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124659.010684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    64.521544                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    37.747045                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  5038.461538                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total    51.613467                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    49.993617                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    42.729344                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total    46.266819                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 126085.651091                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 126043.571574                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 133166.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126066.237994                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 128512.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       142500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 128198.145025                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 125270.829251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       118250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 127292.332268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 125050.541766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 129183.908046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       130000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125204.869009                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 128512.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       142500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 128198.145025                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 125270.829251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       118250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 127292.332268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 125050.541766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 129183.908046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       130000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125204.869009                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                29502                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     29502                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data          964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data          989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               1987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data          964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data          989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                1987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data          964                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data          989                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               1987                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        18269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        18848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           81                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            38167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       107220                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       104485                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        211718                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        78330                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        82496                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       160828                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        12691                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        12749                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          25446                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        30960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        31597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           81                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             63613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          583                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        30960                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           22                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        31597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           81                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            63613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      4700500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       263000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     68830500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   2157224955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      2563000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     35132500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   2217251460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      9793000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2956000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4498714915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   5815825996                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   5667609495                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       707000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11484142491                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   4236243349                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   4461170318                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       108499                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8697522166                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1460551998                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1466690494                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       733000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2927975492                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      4700500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       263000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     68830500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   3617776953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      2563000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     35132500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   3683941954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      9793000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3689000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7426690407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      4700500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       263000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     68830500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   3617776953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      2563000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     35132500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   3683941954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      9793000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3689000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7426690407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       841000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      1126500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       120000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2087500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       660499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       680000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        90000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1430499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      1501499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      1806500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       210000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3517999                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.006120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.125000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.018967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.419852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.003389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.009435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.381399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.149446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.185185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.225995                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.997414                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.998719                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.619048                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998020                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.999286                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.999152                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999217                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.850432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.809152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.829022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.006120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.125000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.018967                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.529810                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.003389                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.009435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.484810                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.149446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.206667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.318738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.006120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.125000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.018967                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.529810                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.003389                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.009435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.484810                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.149446                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.206667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.318738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 117512.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       131500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 118062.607204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 118081.173299                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       116500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 118291.245791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 117638.553693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 120901.234568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       118240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117869.230356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54241.988398                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54243.283677                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54384.615385                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54242.636389                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54082.003690                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54077.413669                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54249.500000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54079.651342                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 115085.651091                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 115043.571574                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 122166.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115066.237994                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 117512.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       131500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 118062.607204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 116853.260756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       116500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 118291.245791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 116591.510397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 120901.234568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       119000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116747.998161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 117512.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       131500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 118062.607204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 116853.260756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       116500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 118291.245791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 116591.510397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 120901.234568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       119000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116747.998161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                        706                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples        15737                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        15737    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total         15737                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         7464                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         7464    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total         7464                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples         16416                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     24525536.062378                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    35646025.150973                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        13420     81.75%     81.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1520      9.26%     91.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          441      2.69%     93.70% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          716      4.36%     98.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08          160      0.97%     99.03% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           71      0.43%     99.46% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           77      0.47%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            2      0.01%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            2      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            4      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total           16416                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        24539653.680687      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                   4028672                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples        16416                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    11624171.539961                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   25357407.534861                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07        11694     71.24%     71.24% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         3403     20.73%     91.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     91.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          752      4.58%     96.55% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07          213      1.30%     97.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     97.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08          148      0.90%     98.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           72      0.44%     99.18% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.18% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           53      0.32%     99.51% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08           32      0.19%     99.70% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.70% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08           31      0.19%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08           14      0.09%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            4      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total          16416                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       11639065.582554      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                1910784                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples           15737                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       98621.115842                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      97642.953733                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev      17221.775819                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        14650     93.09%     93.09% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          187      1.19%     94.28% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          167      1.06%     95.34% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          182      1.16%     96.50% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          205      1.30%     97.80% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          220      1.40%     99.20% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%     99.20% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.20% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          126      0.80%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total             15737                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples               15737                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           10432255.893754                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          12576659.098103                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows             15737    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value            130000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value         144998000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                 15737                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples              7464                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         21992347.266881                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        33758967.850545                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows            7464    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value          148000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value       569970000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total                7464                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                 23201                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             7075986.250593                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            8494425.965191                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows               23201    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value              107000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value            98044000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                   23201                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples        16416                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.009990                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.099454                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0            16252     99.00%     99.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1              164      1.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total        16416                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples        16416                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0           16416    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total        16416                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples             16416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean             0.958029                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            1.393472                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0                    7476     45.54%     45.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::1                    5951     36.25%     81.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::2                    1519      9.25%     91.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::3                     428      2.61%     93.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::4                     412      2.51%     96.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::5                     311      1.89%     98.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::6                     158      0.96%     99.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::7                      72      0.44%     99.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8                      45      0.27%     99.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::9                      33      0.20%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::10                      1      0.01%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::11                      4      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::12                      3      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::13                      0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::14                      0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::15                      1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::18                      1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::19                      1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total               16416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples            16416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.454069                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           0.990524                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                  11694     71.24%     71.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                   3403     20.73%     91.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                    752      4.58%     96.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                    213      1.30%     97.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                    148      0.90%     98.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                     72      0.44%     99.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                     53      0.32%     99.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                     32      0.19%     99.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                     31      0.19%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                     14      0.09%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     4      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total              16416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples        15895                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        15895    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total         15895                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         7334                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         7334    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total         7334                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples         16416                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     24775048.732943                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    36061303.626579                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        13396     81.60%     81.60% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1535      9.35%     90.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          373      2.27%     93.23% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          779      4.75%     97.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08          160      0.97%     98.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           91      0.55%     99.50% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           70      0.43%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            3      0.02%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            3      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            5      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total           16416                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        24786032.614509      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                   4069120                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples        16416                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    11421442.495127                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   24821967.970997                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07        11686     71.19%     71.19% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         3463     21.10%     92.28% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     92.28% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          722      4.40%     96.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07          231      1.41%     98.09% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     98.09% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08          117      0.71%     98.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           74      0.45%     99.25% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.25% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           45      0.27%     99.52% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08           33      0.20%     99.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08           23      0.14%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08           19      0.12%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            3      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total          16416                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       11436348.738270      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                1877504                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples           15895                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       98807.304184                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      97757.924245                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev      17988.836215                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        14768     92.91%     92.91% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          187      1.18%     94.09% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          191      1.20%     95.29% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          200      1.26%     96.55% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          182      1.15%     97.69% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          209      1.31%     99.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            1      0.01%     99.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          156      0.98%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            1      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total             15895                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples              1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean             11300                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11300.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total                1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples               15895                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           10328432.211387                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          12505352.826791                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows             15895    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value            159000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value         135430000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                 15895                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples              7334                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         22382396.236706                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        32810254.690960                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows            7334    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value          158000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value       359851000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total                7334                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                 23229                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             7067445.865082                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            8508689.113935                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows               23229    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value              131000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value            90068000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                   23229                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples        16416                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.010782                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.103279                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0            16239     98.92%     98.92% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1              177      1.08%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total        16416                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples        16416                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0           16416    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total        16416                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples             16416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean             0.967775                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            1.410114                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0                    7516     45.78%     45.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::1                    5875     35.79%     81.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::2                    1538      9.37%     90.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::3                     374      2.28%     93.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::4                     406      2.47%     95.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::5                     371      2.26%     97.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::6                     162      0.99%     98.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::7                      91      0.55%     99.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8                      54      0.33%     99.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::9                      17      0.10%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::10                      5      0.03%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::11                      1      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::12                      4      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::13                      1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::14                      0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::15                      0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::19                      1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total               16416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples            16416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.446150                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           0.969608                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                  11686     71.19%     71.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                   3463     21.10%     92.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                    722      4.40%     96.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                    231      1.41%     98.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                    117      0.71%     98.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                     74      0.45%     99.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                     45      0.27%     99.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                     33      0.20%     99.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                     23      0.14%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                     19      0.12%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     3      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total              16416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples        15611                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        15611    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total         15611                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         7522                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         7522    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total         7522                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples         16416                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     24332163.742690                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    35692282.704059                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        13475     82.08%     82.08% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1474      8.98%     91.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          401      2.44%     93.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          759      4.62%     98.13% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08          143      0.87%     99.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           84      0.51%     99.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           63      0.38%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            8      0.05%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            2      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            6      0.04%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total           16416                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        24341614.917426      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                   3996160                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples        16416                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    11711500.974659                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   25228724.942142                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07        11635     70.88%     70.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         3459     21.07%     91.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     91.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          749      4.56%     96.51% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07          217      1.32%     97.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     97.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08          136      0.83%     98.66% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           94      0.57%     99.23% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.23% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           58      0.35%     99.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08           24      0.15%     99.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08           30      0.18%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08           11      0.07%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total          16416                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       11729508.482311      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                1925632                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples           15610                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       98601.806534                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      97598.903032                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev      17580.449149                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            1      0.01%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            1      0.01%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        14561     93.28%     93.29% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          169      1.08%     94.38% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          170      1.09%     95.46% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          198      1.27%     96.73% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          166      1.06%     97.80% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          193      1.24%     99.03% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            2      0.01%     99.05% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.05% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          148      0.95%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            1      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total             15610                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples               15611                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           10516488.821984                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          12778215.043338                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows             15611    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value            158000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value         114279000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                 15611                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples              7522                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         21824749.800585                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        32856413.212000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows            7522    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value          131000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value       323847000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total                7522                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                 23133                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             7096808.930964                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            8637407.161938                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows               23132    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value               78000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value           114279000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                   23133                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples        16416                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.009686                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.097941                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0            16257     99.03%     99.03% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1              159      0.97%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total        16416                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples        16416                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0           16416    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total        16416                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples             16416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean             0.950475                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            1.394929                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-1                 13474     82.08%     82.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::2-3                  1879     11.45%     93.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::4-5                   750      4.57%     98.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::6-7                   230      1.40%     99.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8-9                    66      0.40%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::10-11                  10      0.06%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::12-13                   5      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::14-15                   1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-17                   0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::18-19                   0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::20-21                   1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::22-23                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::24-25                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total               16416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples            16416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.457481                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           0.985497                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                  11635     70.88%     70.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                   3459     21.07%     91.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                    749      4.56%     96.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                    217      1.32%     97.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                    136      0.83%     98.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                     94      0.57%     99.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                     58      0.35%     99.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                     24      0.15%     99.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                     30      0.18%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                     11      0.07%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total              16416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples        15833                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        15833    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total         15833                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         7183                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean    255.964500                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   255.802448                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     3.008758                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             1      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         7182     99.99%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total         7183                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples         16416                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     24673684.210526                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    36085958.357687                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        13394     81.59%     81.59% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1549      9.44%     91.03% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          369      2.25%     93.27% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          766      4.67%     97.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08          161      0.98%     98.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           97      0.59%     99.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           67      0.41%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            6      0.04%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            3      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total           16416                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        24689352.273389      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                   4053248                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples        16416                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    11184405.458090                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   24731911.099016                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07        11822     72.02%     72.02% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         3337     20.33%     92.34% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     92.34% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          723      4.40%     96.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07          203      1.24%     97.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     97.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08          131      0.80%     98.78% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           83      0.51%     99.29% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.29% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           46      0.28%     99.57% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08           30      0.18%     99.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08           20      0.12%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08           17      0.10%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            3      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total          16416                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       11199332.057744      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                1838593                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples           15833                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       98575.620539                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      97603.297424                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev      17216.821667                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        14737     93.08%     93.08% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          202      1.28%     94.35% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          168      1.06%     95.41% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          207      1.31%     96.72% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          152      0.96%     97.68% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          235      1.48%     99.17% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            1      0.01%     99.17% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.17% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          131      0.83%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total             15833                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples               15833                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           10368838.186067                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          12761696.566003                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows             15833    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value            122000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value         152510000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                 15833                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples              7183                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         22855744.118057                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        35162740.342863                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows            7183    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value          171000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value       422984000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total                7183                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                 23016                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             7132882.473062                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            8815542.314123                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000                1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows               23015    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value               97000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value           143864000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                   23016                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples        16416                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.009198                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.095469                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0            16265     99.08%     99.08% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1              151      0.92%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total        16416                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples        16416                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0           16416    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total        16416                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples             16416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean             0.963816                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            1.411076                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0                    7567     46.10%     46.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::1                    5814     35.42%     81.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::2                    1556      9.48%     90.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::3                     380      2.31%     93.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::4                     409      2.49%     95.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::5                     348      2.12%     97.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::6                     165      1.01%     98.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::7                      97      0.59%     99.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8                      45      0.27%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::9                      22      0.13%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::10                      6      0.04%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::11                      3      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::12                      0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::13                      1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::14                      1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::15                      1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::18                      1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total               16416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples            16416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.436891                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           0.966090                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                  11822     72.02%     72.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                   3337     20.33%     92.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                    723      4.40%     96.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                    203      1.24%     97.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                    131      0.80%     98.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                     83      0.51%     99.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                     46      0.28%     99.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                     30      0.18%     99.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                     20      0.12%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                     17      0.10%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     3      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total              16416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples        63291                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean             256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15               0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        63291    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total          63291                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        29503                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean     255.991357                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.951889                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev      1.484592                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15              1      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        29502    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         29503                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples          16416                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      98306432.748538                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean                0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     118694706.690428                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08        14509     88.38%     88.38% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08          358      2.18%     90.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08          374      2.28%     92.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08         1089      6.63%     99.48% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08           49      0.30%     99.77% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08           15      0.09%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08           13      0.08%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            3      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            3      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            2      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total            16416                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         98356653.486011      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                   16147200                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         16416                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     45941520.467836                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    74298919.418269                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07        13660     83.21%     83.21% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08         1650     10.05%     93.26% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08          264      1.61%     94.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08          342      2.08%     96.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08          225      1.37%     98.32% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08           98      0.60%     98.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08          126      0.77%     99.69% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08           29      0.18%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08            8      0.05%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08            9      0.05%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            3      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total           16416                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        46004254.860879      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                 7552513                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples            63075                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        107268.156956                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       106317.245356                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev       17565.113303                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-16383                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            1      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            1      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687        59012     93.56%     93.56% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          776      1.23%     94.79% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          730      1.16%     95.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          761      1.21%     97.16% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          737      1.17%     98.32% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607          491      0.78%     99.10% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            3      0.00%     99.11% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%     99.11% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759          561      0.89%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total              63075                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples               1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean              20000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20000.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-1023                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total                 1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples                63291                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            2593898.145076                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           2633645.180627                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                    49      0.08%      0.08% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000                58      0.09%      0.17% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000               37      0.06%      0.23% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000               65      0.10%      0.33% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000               59      0.09%      0.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000               53      0.08%      0.51% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000               51      0.08%      0.59% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000               49      0.08%      0.67% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000               54      0.09%      0.75% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000               42      0.07%      0.82% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000               47      0.07%      0.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000               53      0.08%      0.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000              232      0.37%      1.34% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000               57      0.09%      1.43% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000               61      0.10%      1.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000               84      0.13%      1.66% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000               52      0.08%      1.74% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000               64      0.10%      1.84% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000               42      0.07%      1.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000              42      0.07%      1.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows              62040     98.02%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value           24343500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                  63291                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples              29503                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          5564514.778158                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         9495120.971975                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            585      1.98%      1.98% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000              5      0.02%      2.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             19      0.06%      2.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             29      0.10%      2.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             12      0.04%      2.20% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            112      0.38%      2.58% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             11      0.04%      2.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000              9      0.03%      2.65% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             14      0.05%      2.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             12      0.04%      2.74% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             16      0.05%      2.79% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             18      0.06%      2.85% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             13      0.04%      2.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000              7      0.02%      2.92% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             19      0.06%      2.99% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             10      0.03%      3.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000             9      0.03%      3.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            28603     96.95%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            16500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value        207884000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                29503                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                  92794                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              1769186.364420                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             2442031.537783                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                      66      0.07%      0.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  81      0.09%      0.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 56      0.06%      0.22% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000                794      0.86%      1.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000                180      0.19%      1.27% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000                120      0.13%      1.40% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000                159      0.17%      1.57% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000                136      0.15%      1.72% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000                275      0.30%      2.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000                131      0.14%      2.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000                120      0.13%      2.28% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000                137      0.15%      2.43% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000                299      0.32%      2.75% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000                160      0.17%      2.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000                110      0.12%      3.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000                216      0.23%      3.28% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000                118      0.13%      3.40% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000                134      0.14%      3.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000                107      0.12%      3.66% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000               118      0.13%      3.79% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows                89277     96.21%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value             22905500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                    92794                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples        16416                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.042519                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.203281                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0             15723     95.78%     95.78% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1               688      4.19%     99.97% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2                 5      0.03%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total         16416                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples        16416                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0            16416    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total        16416                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples              16416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean              3.853192                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean                    0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev             4.672394                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-3                  13212     80.48%     80.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::4-7                   1433      8.73%     89.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::8-11                   300      1.83%     91.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::12-15                  293      1.78%     92.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::16-19                 1021      6.22%     99.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::20-23                   97      0.59%     99.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::24-27                   26      0.16%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::28-31                   11      0.07%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-35                   12      0.07%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::36-39                    4      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::40-43                    2      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::44-47                    2      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::48-51                    0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::52-55                    0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::56-59                    1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::60-63                    0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-67                    2      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::68-71                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::72-75                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::76-79                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                16416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples             16416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             1.794591                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            2.902302                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-1                 10408     63.40%     63.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::2-3                  4393     26.76%     90.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4-5                   509      3.10%     93.26% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::6-7                   264      1.61%     94.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8-9                   237      1.44%     96.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::10-11                 185      1.13%     97.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12-13                 145      0.88%     98.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::14-15                  98      0.60%     98.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-17                  93      0.57%     99.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::18-19                  52      0.32%     99.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::20-21                  11      0.07%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::22-23                   7      0.04%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::24-25                   5      0.03%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::26-27                   4      0.02%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::28-29                   2      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::30-31                   2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::36-37                   1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total               16416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    19835371                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      2794                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                   14456836                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     1694                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                245                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                     115                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                19838165                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses               14458530                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         34292207                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                           4488                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     34296695                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    87145461                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         9                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                245                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                87145470                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         87145461                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              9                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     87145470                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       327706419                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   78626717                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     87200094                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             74070035                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    2062005                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      9107053                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    74070035                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          133397759                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          49235564                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           323780233                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           48082543                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     34699389                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   19839760                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  14859629                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              654055.974335                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              327052363.025665                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.998004                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.001996                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         12390386                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 52916280     60.40%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     785      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                20      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                19839760     22.64%     83.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               14859629     16.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  87616475                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      27                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            30738                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           87743229                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            30738                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          2854.552313                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        174321660                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       174321660                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst     87114723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       87114723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst     87114723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        87114723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst     87114723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       87114723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst        30738                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        30738                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst        30738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         30738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst        30738                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        30738                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    505232447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    505232447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    505232447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    505232447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    505232447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    505232447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     87145461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     87145461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     87145461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     87145461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     87145461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     87145461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 16436.737816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16436.737816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 16436.737816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16436.737816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 16436.737816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16436.737816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        30738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        30738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        30738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        30738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    443703553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    443703553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    443703553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    443703553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    443703553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    443703553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14435.017015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14435.017015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14435.017015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14435.017015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14435.017015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14435.017015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry               977                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            59555                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          233.611655                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           27589681                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            59555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           463.263891                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   233.611655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.912546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.912546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.871094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         69253276                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        69253276                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data     18184948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       18184948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data     13104904                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      13104904                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         8176                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         8176                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data       889011                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       889011                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data       547785                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       547785                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data     31289852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        31289852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data     31298028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       31298028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       567100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       567100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       289410                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       289410                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         1488                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1488                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       184606                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       184606                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       456815                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       456815                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data       856510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        856510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data       857998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       857998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   5850602509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5850602509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   9827303496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9827303496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  10260420999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total  10260420999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   9814618500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total   9814618500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    328209000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total    328209000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  15677906005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15677906005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  15677906005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15677906005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data     18752048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18752048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data     13394314                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     13394314                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         9664                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         9664                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      1073617                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1073617                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      1004600                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1004600                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data     32146362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     32146362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data     32156026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     32156026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.030242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.030242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.021607                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021607                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.153974                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.153974                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.171948                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.171948                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.454723                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.454723                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.026644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.026682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 10316.703419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10316.703419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 33956.337017                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33956.337017                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 55580.105733                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55580.105733                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 21484.886661                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21484.886661                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 18304.405092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18304.405092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 18272.660315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18272.660315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20842                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            20842                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data         1477                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1477                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       567100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       567100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       289409                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       289409                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1488                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1488                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       183129                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       183129                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       450206                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total       450206                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       856509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       856509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       857997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       857997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   4715415487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4715415487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   9248425004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9248425004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     18145500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18145500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   9876794001                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9876794001                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   8923364500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8923364500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    319051000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    319051000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  13963840491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13963840491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  13981985991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13981985991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      1395999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1395999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      1109500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1109500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      2505499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2505499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.030242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.021607                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021607                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.153974                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.153974                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.170572                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170572                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.448145                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448145                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.026644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.026682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  8314.962947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8314.962947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 31956.245328                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31956.245328                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 12194.556452                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12194.556452                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 53933.533198                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53933.533198                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 19820.625447                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19820.625447                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 16303.203458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16303.203458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 16296.077948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16296.077948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry             15213                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    19841463                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      2795                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                   14469544                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     1683                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                245                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                     116                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                19844258                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses               14471227                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         34311007                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                           4478                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     34315485                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    87199685                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                        10                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                245                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                87199695                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         87199685                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                             10                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     87199695                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       328339667                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   78677445                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     87262292                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             74122403                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    2064167                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      9118919                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    74122403                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          133484399                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          49265924                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           323990906                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           48118824                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     34718419                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   19846034                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  14872385                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              53278.008909                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              328286388.991091                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.999838                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.000162                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         12403610                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    4      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 52959706     60.40%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     805      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                50      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                19846034     22.63%     83.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               14872385     16.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  87678984                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      23                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements            31477                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           87800793                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs            31477                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          2789.363440                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        174430847                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       174430847                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst     87168208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       87168208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst     87168208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        87168208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst     87168208                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       87168208                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst        31477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        31477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst        31477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total         31477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst        31477                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total        31477                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    501877449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    501877449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    501877449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    501877449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    501877449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    501877449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     87199685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     87199685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     87199685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     87199685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     87199685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     87199685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15944.259269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15944.259269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15944.259269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15944.259269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15944.259269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15944.259269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        31477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        31477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        31477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        31477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        31477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    438872551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    438872551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    438872551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    438872551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    438872551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    438872551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 13942.642278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13942.642278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 13942.642278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13942.642278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 13942.642278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13942.642278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry              1715                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements            66160                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          233.843531                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           25556672                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            66160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           386.285852                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   233.843531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.913451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.913451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.960938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         69294417                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        69294417                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data     18184973                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       18184973                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data     13118184                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      13118184                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         8290                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         8290                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data       887445                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       887445                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data       543748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       543748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data     31303157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        31303157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data     31311447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       31311447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       571953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       571953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       287254                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       287254                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         1455                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1455                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       187291                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       187291                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       461520                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       461520                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data       859207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        859207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data       860662                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       860662                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   5892060984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5892060984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   9646062497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9646062497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  10331545498                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total  10331545498                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  10069449000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total  10069449000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    334599500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total    334599500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  15538123481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15538123481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  15538123481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15538123481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data     18756926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18756926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data     13405438                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     13405438                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         9745                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         9745                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      1074736                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1074736                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      1005268                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1005268                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data     32162364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     32162364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data     32172109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     32172109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.030493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.030493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.021428                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021428                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.149307                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.149307                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.174267                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.174267                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.459101                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.459101                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.026715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.026752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 10301.652381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10301.652381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 33580.254747                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33580.254747                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 55163.064418                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55163.064418                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 21818.012220                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21818.012220                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 18084.260814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18084.260814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 18053.688302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18053.688302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        26417                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            26417                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data         1426                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1426                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       571953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       571953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       287254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       287254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1455                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1455                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       185865                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       185865                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       454466                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total       454466                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       859207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       859207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       860662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       860662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   4747145012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4747145012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   9071551503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9071551503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     18498002                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18498002                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   9942569000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9942569000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   9169869000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9169869000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    325247500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    325247500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  13818696515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13818696515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  13837194517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13837194517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      1843501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1843501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      1103501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1103501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      2947002                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2947002                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.030493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.021428                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021428                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.149307                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149307                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.172940                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.172940                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.452084                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.452084                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.026715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.026752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8299.886550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8299.886550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 31580.244324                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31580.244324                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 12713.403436                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12713.403436                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 53493.497969                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53493.497969                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 20177.238781                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20177.238781                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 16083.081859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16083.081859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 16077.385219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16077.385219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry             14652                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                245                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                245                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          200.000102                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   200.000102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.781250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.781250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.781250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                245                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                245                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 157                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data          157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.613281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.613281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.613281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                245                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                245                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 186                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data          186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.726562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.726562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                245                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                245                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          200.058343                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   200.058343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.781478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.781478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.781250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                245                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                245                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          183.045468                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   183.045468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.715021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.715021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.714844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        5537                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         1                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       4724                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                245                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       1                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    5538                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   4724                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                            10261                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              1                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                        10262                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                       24599                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                245                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                   24599                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                            24599                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                        24599                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                       328339765                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                      24292                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                        29036                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                26986                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                       1748                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         2746                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       26986                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              48111                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes             18430                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads              107261                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes              10307                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                        11241                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       5745                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      5496                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              328182435.995605                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              157329.004395                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.000479                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.999521                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                             4563                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                    18761     62.29%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                     101      0.34%     62.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     62.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     62.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     62.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     62.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     62.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     62.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                14      0.05%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    5745     19.08%     81.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   5496     18.25%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                     30117                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              542                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs              20392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              542                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs            37.623616                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            49740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           49740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst        24057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          24057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst        24057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total           24057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst        24057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total          24057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          542                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          542                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          542                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          542                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     18584991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18584991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     18584991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18584991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     18584991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18584991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        24599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        24599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        24599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        24599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        24599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        24599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 34289.651292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34289.651292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 34289.651292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34289.651292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 34289.651292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34289.651292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          542                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          542                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     17492009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17492009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     17492009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17492009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     17492009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17492009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 32273.079336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32273.079336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 32273.079336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32273.079336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 32273.079336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32273.079336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                42                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              204                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          220.912095                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs               9585                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              204                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            46.985294                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   220.912095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.862938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.862938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.863281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            20783                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses           20783                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         5119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           5119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         4567                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          4567                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           56                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           56                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           76                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           76                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data         9686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total            9686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data         9742                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total           9742                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           57                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           57                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           19                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           19                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      5873498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5873498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2078000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2078000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       463500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       463500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       554499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       554499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        26000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        26000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      7951498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      7951498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      7951498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      7951498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         5359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         4624                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         4624                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           73                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           73                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           96                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           96                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data         9983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total         9983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data        10056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total        10056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.044784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.012327                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012327                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.232877                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.232877                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.232323                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.232323                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.197917                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.197917                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.029751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.031225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 24472.908333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24472.908333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 36456.140351                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36456.140351                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 20152.173913                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20152.173913                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 29184.157895                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29184.157895                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 26772.720539                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26772.720539                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 25323.242038                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25323.242038                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           71                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               71                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           19                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      5391502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5391502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1964000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1964000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       414500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       414500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        37000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        37000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       517501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       517501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        24000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        24000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      7355502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7355502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      7770002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7770002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       192000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       192000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       136000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       136000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       328000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       328000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.044784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.012327                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012327                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.232877                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232877                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.060606                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060606                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.197917                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.197917                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.029751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.031225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 22464.591667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22464.591667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 34456.140351                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34456.140351                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 24382.352941                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24382.352941                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  6166.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6166.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 27236.894737                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27236.894737                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        24766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        24766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 24745.229299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24745.229299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                33                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.offload_kernel 164169880000 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -105787987.200000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       168187017.600000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -71364912.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       113459496.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -351319987.200000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       603204825.600000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -212130938.880000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       310034718.720000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -609728400998.399292
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       790736112721.921143
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -178288783234.559967
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       231524910898.560059
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -1967168472384.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       2550883707168.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.16417
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       984385851.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       328889769.978849
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       148219424.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       192.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       24798559.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       39691539.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       29737510.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       157328454.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       266930269.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       98519918.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       192.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       4127920.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       0.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       148219424.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       192.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       174369764.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       19.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       174369745.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       62757.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       37514333.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       26804376.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       68622442.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       8967.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       1139293.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       576721.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       4517849
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       63075.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       29502.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       103171.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       440953.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       196515.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       38167.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       1.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       0.000000
