timestamp2.sim_seconds                                  0.164108                       # Number of seconds simulated
timestamp2.sim_ticks                                164108377000                       # Number of ticks simulated
timestamp2.final_tick                               3649059934500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
timestamp2.sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
timestamp2.host_inst_rate                                4168515                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
timestamp2.host_op_rate                                  4710490                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
timestamp2.host_tick_rate                             1425671514                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
timestamp2.host_mem_usage                                1528708                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
timestamp2.host_seconds                                   115.11                       # Real time elapsed on the host
timestamp2.sim_insts                                   479835672                       # Number of instructions simulated
timestamp2.sim_ops                                     542222234                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
timestamp2.system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.voltage_domain.voltage               1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.clk_domain.clock                   500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::total            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::total            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data            6                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::total            6                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data            6                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::total            6                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       509952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       485120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::total          1009408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         6144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::total        12288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::writebacks       470784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::total        470784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1895                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::total              3943                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::writebacks         1839                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::total             1839                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         6240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.itb.walker         1560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        37439                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      3107410                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        29639                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2956095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         7800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         4680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::total             6150862                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        37439                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        29639                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         7800                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::total          74877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::writebacks       2868738                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::total            2868738                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::writebacks       2868738                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         6240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.itb.walker         1560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        37439                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3107410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        29639                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2956095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         7800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         4680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::total            9019601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                      3943                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                     1839                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                   31544                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                  14712                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM              1009184                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ                   224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten                470784                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys               1009408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys             470784                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                    7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         6703                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0            2008                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1            1968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2            2000                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3            1952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4            1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5            1992                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6            1968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7            2016                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::8            2032                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::9            1944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::10           1952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::11           1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::12           1929                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::13           1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::14           1928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::15           1928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0             896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1             936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2             904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3             896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4             904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5             944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6             944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7             920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::8             968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::9             912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::10            905                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::11            936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::12            904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::13            944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::14            888                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::15            911                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                164109075000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5               31544                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5              14712                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0                  3943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1                  3942                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2                  3942                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3                  3942                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4                  3942                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5                  3942                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6                  3942                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7                  3942                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::samples         6381                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.933553                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::gmean   208.095121                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::stdev    64.955606                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::32-63          591      9.26%      9.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::64-95            5      0.08%      9.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::96-127            3      0.05%      9.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::128-159            3      0.05%      9.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::160-191            4      0.06%      9.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::192-223            3      0.05%      9.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::224-255          587      9.20%     18.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5185     81.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::total         6381                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::samples          612                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.491830                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    45.695969                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    25.622558                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            2      0.33%      0.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           20      3.27%      3.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           89     14.54%     18.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           92     15.03%     33.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           81     13.24%     46.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           68     11.11%     57.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           61      9.97%     67.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           59      9.64%     77.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           43      7.03%     84.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           35      5.72%     89.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           21      3.43%     93.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::96-99           11      1.80%     95.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::104-107           11      1.80%     96.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            5      0.82%     97.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            5      0.82%     98.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            2      0.33%     98.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            3      0.49%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            1      0.16%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            2      0.33%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::total          612                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::samples          612                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.039216                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.029244                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.722628                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.16%      0.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::24            607     99.18%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::32              4      0.65%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::total          612                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat                  818933450                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat            1353485600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat                100918400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                   25967.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat              42917.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                       6.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       2.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                    6.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    2.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                    30.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits                  27585                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                 12283                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate              83.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                 28382752.51                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                  86.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::IDLE 159045867450                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::REF    3566736000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT    1495196550                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::0          1339027.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::1          1305158.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::2          1314835.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::3               1400112                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::4               1360800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::5               1324512                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::6          1322697.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::7               1363824                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::0                903312                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::1          880464.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::2                886992                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::3                944520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::4                918000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::5                893520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::6                892296                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::7                920040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::0         4888665.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::1         4788326.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::2         4884172.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::3              5136768                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::4         4869196.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::5         4776345.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::6         4741401.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::7         4848729.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::0        2514862.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::1        2421964.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::2        2445189.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::3        2544721.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::4        2541404.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::5        2472145.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::6        2451824.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::7        2561310.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::0      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::1      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::2      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::3      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::4      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::5      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::6      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::7      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::0      912887138.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::1      912822678.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::2      909725198.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::3      918866776.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::4         917666712                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::5      915028715.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::6      916494226.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::7      918811235.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::0       41651843040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::1      41651899584.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::2       41654616672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::3      41646597744.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::4       41647650432                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::5      41649964464.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::6       41648678928                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::7      41646646464.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::0        45589389810.239998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::1        45589131940.800011                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::2         45588886824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::3        45590504406.720009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::4        45590020309.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::5        45589473467.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::6        45589595138.879997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::7        45590165368.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::0          64.433321                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::1          64.432957                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::2          64.432611                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::3          64.434897                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::4          64.434213                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::5          64.433440                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::6          64.433612                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::7          64.434418                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         8704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       528896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         6400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       459520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::total          1005312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         8704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::total        16896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::writebacks       471808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::total        471808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         2066                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1795                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::total              3927                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::writebacks         1843                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::total             1843                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        53038                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      3222846                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        38999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2800101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        10920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::total             6125903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        53038                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        38999                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        10920                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::total         102956                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::writebacks       2874978                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::total            2874978                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::writebacks       2874978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        53038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3222846                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        38999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2800101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        10920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::total            9000881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                      3927                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                     1843                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                   31416                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                  14744                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM              1005312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                471808                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys               1005312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys             471808                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        13246                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0            1944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1            1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2            1968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3            2016                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4            1936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5            2040                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6            1936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7            1936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::8            1968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::9            1912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::10           1920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::11           2016                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::12           1928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::13           2048                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::14           1920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::15           1968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0             911                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1             944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2             904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3             896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4             904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5             952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6             920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7             936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::8             968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::9             928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::10            920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::11            936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::12            912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::13            920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::14            896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::15            897                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                164033383000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5               31416                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5              14744                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0                  3927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1                  3927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2                  3927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3                  3927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4                  3927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5                  3927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6                  3927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7                  3927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::samples         6378                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.596112                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::gmean   207.561374                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::stdev    65.294863                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::32-63          594      9.31%      9.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::64-95           13      0.20%      9.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::96-127            1      0.02%      9.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::160-191            2      0.03%      9.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::192-223           13      0.20%      9.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::224-255          591      9.27%     19.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5164     80.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::total         6378                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::samples          611                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.364975                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    45.878016                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    25.291793                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           15      2.45%      2.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           86     14.08%     16.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::32-35          104     17.02%     33.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           90     14.73%     48.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           63     10.31%     58.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           66     10.80%     69.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           39      6.38%     75.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           50      8.18%     83.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           40      6.55%     90.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           20      3.27%     93.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            9      1.47%     95.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            8      1.31%     96.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            5      0.82%     97.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            6      0.98%     98.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            4      0.65%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            2      0.33%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            2      0.33%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            1      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::total          611                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::samples          611                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.130933                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.112802                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.030299                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.16%      0.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::24            600     98.20%     98.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::32              9      1.47%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::33              1      0.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::total          611                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat                  814633000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat            1347134200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat                100531200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                   25930.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat              42880.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                       6.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       2.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                    6.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    2.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                    31.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits                  27478                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                 12304                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate               87.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate              83.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                 28428662.56                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                  86.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::IDLE 159020097700                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::REF    3566736000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT    1520166800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::0               1294272                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::1          1273708.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::2          1316649.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::3          1248307.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::4          1283385.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::5          1274313.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::6          1300924.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::7               1282176                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::0                873120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::1                859248                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::2                888216                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::3                842112                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::4                865776                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::5                859656                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::6                877608                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::7                864960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::0              4684992                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::1         4629081.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::2         4800307.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::3         4524748.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::4         4498291.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::5              4572672                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::6         4716441.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::7              4632576                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::0        2481684.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::1        2378833.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::2             2405376                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::3        2358927.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::4        2438553.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::5        2382151.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::6        2425282.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::7        2352706.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::0      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::1      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::2      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::3      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::4      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::5      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::6      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::7      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::0      910714645.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::1      915116048.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::2      913915327.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::3      911653531.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::4      916030255.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::5      912232249.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::6      913305746.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::7      918159684.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::0       41653748736                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::1       41649887856                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::2       41650941120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::3       41652925152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::4       41649085920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::5      41652417504.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::6       41651475840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::7       41647218000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::0        45588811214.400002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::1        45589158541.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::2        45589280760.959999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::3        45588566543.039993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::4        45589215946.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::5        45588752311.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::6        45589115608.320000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::7        45589523867.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::0          64.432504                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::1          64.432995                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::2          64.433167                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::3          64.432158                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::4          64.433076                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::5          64.432420                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::6          64.432934                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::7          64.433511                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         9984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       470272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         6656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       521984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::total          1011712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         9984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::total        18688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::writebacks       473088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::total        473088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1837                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         2039                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::total              3952                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::writebacks         1848                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::total             1848                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        60838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2865618                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        40559                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3180727                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        12480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         4680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::total             6164902                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        60838                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        40559                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        12480                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::total         113876                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::writebacks       2882778                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::total            2882778                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::writebacks       2882778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        60838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2865618                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        40559                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3180727                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        12480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         4680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::total            9047680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                      3952                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                     1848                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                   31616                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                  14784                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM              1011712                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                473088                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys               1011712                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys             473088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        16577                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0            1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1            1952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2            2032                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3            1968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4            1936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5            2016                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6            1952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7            1992                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::8            2032                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::9            1936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::10           1936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::11           2008                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::12           2016                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::13           2032                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::14           1912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::15           1936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0             888                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1             928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2             912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3             896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4             888                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5             928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6             936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7             944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::8             984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::9             936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::10            921                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::11            944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::12            904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::13            935                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::14            912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::15            928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                165344824000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5               31616                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5              14784                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0                  3951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1                  3951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2                  3951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3                  3951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4                  3951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5                  3951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6                  3951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7                  3951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::samples         6405                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.818891                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::gmean   208.073011                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::stdev    64.938290                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::32-63          588      9.18%      9.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::64-95            8      0.12%      9.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::96-127            8      0.12%      9.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.03%      9.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::160-191            9      0.14%      9.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::192-223            8      0.12%      9.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::224-255          585      9.13%     18.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5197     81.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::total         6405                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::samples          613                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.523654                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    45.746434                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    25.848380                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            2      0.33%      0.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           15      2.45%      2.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           92     15.01%     17.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           93     15.17%     32.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           93     15.17%     48.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           72     11.75%     59.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           46      7.50%     67.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           56      9.14%     76.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           44      7.18%     83.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           35      5.71%     89.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           19      3.10%     92.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::96-99           12      1.96%     94.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::104-107           11      1.79%     96.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::112-115           11      1.79%     98.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            4      0.65%     98.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            4      0.65%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            1      0.16%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            2      0.33%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::total          613                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::samples          613                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.117455                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.101584                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.962994                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::24            604     98.53%     98.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::32              9      1.47%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::total          613                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat                  822559500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat            1358450700                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat                101171200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                   26017.19                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat              42967.19                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                       6.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       2.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                    6.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    2.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                    31.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits                  27655                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                 12340                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate              83.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                 28507728.28                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                  86.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::IDLE 159089083100                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::REF    3566736000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT    1451980900                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::0               1273104                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::1          1297900.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::2          1291852.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::3               1312416                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::4          1290038.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::5          1271894.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::6          1307577.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::7          1261612.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::0                858840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::1                875568                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::2                871488                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::3                885360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::4          870264.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::5          858024.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::6                882096                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::7                851088                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::0         4584652.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::1         4720435.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::2         4764364.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::3              4784832                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::4         4625587.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::5         4577164.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::6         4800307.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::7         4480819.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::0        2398740.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::1        2415329.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::2        2378833.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::3        2428600.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::4        2418647.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::5        2385884.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::6        2385469.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::7        2375516.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::0      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::1      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::2      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::3      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::4      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::5      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::6      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::7      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::0      912822897.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::1      913564627.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::2      912230225.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::3      912990450.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::4      912870777.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::5      911820591.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::6      915149373.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::7         915131808                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::0       41651899392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::1       41651248752                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::2       41652419280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::3       41651752416                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::4       41651857392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::5       41652778608                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::6      41649858624.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::7       41649874032                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::0        45588851391.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::1        45589136376.959999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::2        45588969809.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::3        45589167839.040001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::4        45588946470.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::5        45588705931.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::6        45589397211.840012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::7        45588988640.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::0          64.432560                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::1          64.432963                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::2          64.432728                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::3          64.433008                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::4          64.432695                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::5          64.432355                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::6          64.433332                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::7          64.432754                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       510208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         7168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       479744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total          1005312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::total        12800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::writebacks       471296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total        471296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1993                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1874                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total              3927                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::writebacks         1841                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total             1841                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.itb.walker         1560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        28079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      3108970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         7800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        43678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2923336                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         6240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total             6125903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        28079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        43678                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         6240                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::total          77997                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::writebacks       2871858                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total            2871858                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::writebacks       2871858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.itb.walker         1560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        28079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3108970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         7800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        43678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2923336                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         6240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total            8997761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                      3927                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                     1841                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                   31416                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                  14728                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM              1005312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten                470784                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys               1005312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys             471296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        12678                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0            1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1            1968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2            1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3            2032                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4            2024                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5            1968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6            1944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7            1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::8            1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::9            1928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::10           1912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::11           1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::12           1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::13           1944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::14           1920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::15           1952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0             896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1             904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2             912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3             888                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4             920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5             944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6             936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7             912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::8             960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::9             928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::10            936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::11            944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::12            895                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::13            920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::14            912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::15            905                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                165352245000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5               31416                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5              14728                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0                  3926                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1                  3926                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2                  3926                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3                  3926                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4                  3926                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5                  3926                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6                  3926                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7                  3926                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::samples         6381                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.326751                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::gmean   207.305432                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::stdev    65.416902                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::32-63          593      9.29%      9.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::64-95           10      0.16%      9.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::96-127            9      0.14%      9.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.09%      9.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::160-191            9      0.14%      9.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::192-223           12      0.19%     10.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::224-255          589      9.23%     19.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5153     80.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::total         6381                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::samples          611                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.378069                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    45.375145                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.594332                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            1      0.16%      0.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           22      3.60%      3.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           89     14.57%     18.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           87     14.24%     32.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::40-43          103     16.86%     49.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           72     11.78%     61.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           56      9.17%     70.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           41      6.71%     77.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           36      5.89%     82.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           31      5.07%     88.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           20      3.27%     91.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::96-99           15      2.45%     93.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::104-107           15      2.45%     96.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            7      1.15%     97.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            6      0.98%     98.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.16%     98.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            6      0.98%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            1      0.16%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            2      0.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::total          611                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::samples          611                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.078560                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.067897                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.789510                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::24            605     99.02%     99.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::32              6      0.98%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::total          611                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  821344700                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat            1353845900                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                100531200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                   26144.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat              43094.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                       6.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       2.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                    6.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    2.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                    31.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits                  27472                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                 12275                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate               87.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate              83.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                 28667171.46                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                  86.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::IDLE 159059625400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::REF    3566736000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT    1481438600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::0          1291852.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::1          1289433.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::2          1281571.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::3               1285200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::4               1279152                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::5          1271894.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::6          1293667.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::7               1270080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::0                871488                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::1                869856                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::2                864552                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::3                867000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::4                862920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::5          858024.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::6                872712                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::7                856800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::0         4688985.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::1         4704460.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::2         4564684.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::3         4649049.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::4         4548710.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::5         4545715.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::6         4677004.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::7         4520755.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::0        2431918.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::1        2365562.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::2        2395422.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::3        2428600.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::4        2415329.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::5        2398740.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::6        2402058.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::7        2399155.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::0      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::1      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::2      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::3      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::4      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::5      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::6      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::7      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::0      912447956.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::1      914425591.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::2      917846138.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::3         912413592                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::4      915822374.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::5      912879040.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::6      912085928.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::7      914531146.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::0       41652228288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::1       41650493520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::2       41647493040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::3       41652258432                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::4       41649268272                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::5      41651850144.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::6       41652545856                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::7       41650400928                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::0        45588974253.120003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::1        45589162189.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::2        45589459174.079994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::3        45588915638.400002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::4        45589210522.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::5        45588817322.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::6        45588890991.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::7        45588992629.439995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::0          64.432734                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::1          64.433000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::2          64.433419                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::3          64.432651                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::4          64.433068                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::5          64.432512                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::6          64.432616                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::7          64.432760                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         7168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       537600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         6400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       450560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total          1005824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         7168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::total        15616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::writebacks       471296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total        471296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         2100                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1760                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total              3929                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::writebacks         1841                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total             1841                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         7800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        43678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      3275884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        38999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2745503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        12480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total             6129023                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        43678                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        38999                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        12480                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::total          95157                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::writebacks       2871858                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total            2871858                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::writebacks       2871858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         7800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        43678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3275884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        38999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2745503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        12480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total            9000881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                      3929                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                     1841                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                   31432                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                  14728                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM              1005824                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                471040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys               1005824                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys             471296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        12682                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0            1952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1            1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2            2040                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3            2008                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4            1968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5            1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6            1968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7            1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::8            1968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::9            1944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::10           1904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::11           2016                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::12           1912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::13           1952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::14           1936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::15           1928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0             912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1             888                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2             912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3             912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4             904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5             919                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6             920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7             928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::8             976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::9             944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::10            920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::11            921                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::12            904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::13            920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::14            912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::15            928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                164105920000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5               31432                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5              14728                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0                  3928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1                  3928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2                  3928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3                  3928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4                  3929                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5                  3929                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6                  3929                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7                  3929                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::samples         6374                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.701286                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::gmean   207.670550                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::stdev    65.226989                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::32-63          596      9.35%      9.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::64-95            7      0.11%      9.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::96-127            1      0.02%      9.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::128-159            3      0.05%      9.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::192-223            8      0.13%      9.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::224-255          593      9.30%     18.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5166     81.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::total         6374                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::samples          611                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.391162                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    45.807197                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    25.176020                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            1      0.16%      0.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           17      2.78%      2.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           88     14.40%     17.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           98     16.04%     33.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           85     13.91%     47.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           63     10.31%     57.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           69     11.29%     68.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           44      7.20%     76.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           41      6.71%     82.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           48      7.86%     90.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           20      3.27%     93.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            9      1.47%     95.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            7      1.15%     96.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::112-115           10      1.64%     98.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            3      0.49%     98.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            3      0.49%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            1      0.16%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            1      0.16%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            3      0.49%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::total          611                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::samples          611                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.091653                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.079231                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.852063                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::24            604     98.85%     98.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::32              7      1.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::total          611                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  822277800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat            1355050200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                100582400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                   26160.53                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat              43110.53                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                       6.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       2.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                    6.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    2.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                    30.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits                  27493                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                 12285                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate              83.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                 28441233.97                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                  86.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::IDLE 159055855700                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::REF    3566736000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT    1485208300                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::0          1299110.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::1               1279152                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::2          1302134.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::3          1293667.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::4          1268265.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::5          1306972.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::6          1294876.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::7               1291248                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::0          876384.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::1                862920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::2          878424.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::3                872712                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::4                855576                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::5                881688                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::6                873528                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::7                871080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::0         4716441.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::1         4716441.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::2         4684492.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::3         4713446.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::4         4516761.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::5         4692979.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::6         4688985.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::7         4568678.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::0        2458460.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::1        2352291.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::2        2418647.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::3        2445189.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::4        2402058.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::5        2425697.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::6        2435235.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::7        2402058.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::0      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::1      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::2      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::3      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::4      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::5      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::6      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::7      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::0      912512416.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::1      913132284.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::2      916302651.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::3      911749017.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::4      915470743.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::5      916970618.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::6      912742021.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::7      917418064.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::0      41652171744.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::1       41651628000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::2       41648846976                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::3       41652841392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::4       41649576720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::5       41648261040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::6       41651970336                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::7      41647868544.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::0        45589048320.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::1        45588984854.400002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::2        45589447090.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::3        45588929188.799995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::4        45589103889.599998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::5        45589552760.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::6        45589018748.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::7        45589433437.440010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::0          64.432839                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::1          64.432749                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::2          64.433402                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::3          64.432670                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::4          64.432917                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::5          64.433552                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::6          64.432797                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::7          64.433383                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         7936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       451840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       540928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::total          1008896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         7936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::total        14848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::writebacks       470016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::total        470016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1765                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         2113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::total              3941                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::writebacks         1836                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::total             1836                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        48358                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2753302                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        29639                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3296163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        12480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         7800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::total             6147742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        48358                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        29639                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        12480                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::total          90477                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::writebacks       2864059                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::total            2864059                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::writebacks       2864059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        48358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2753302                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        29639                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3296163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        12480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         7800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::total            9011801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                      3941                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                     1836                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                   31528                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                  14688                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM              1008896                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten                469952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys               1008896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys             470016                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        17721                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0            1952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1            2024                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2            1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3            1936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4            2008                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5            1968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6            1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7            1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::8            2008                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::9            1968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::10           1952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::11           1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::12           1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::13           1968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::14           1920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::15           1968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0             888                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1             920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2             919                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3             912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4             896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5             920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6             936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7             920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::8             976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::9             904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::10            919                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::11            928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::12            904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::13            920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::14            912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::15            912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                164106249000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5               31528                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5              14688                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0                  3941                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1                  3941                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2                  3941                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3                  3941                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4                  3941                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5                  3941                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6                  3941                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7                  3941                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                  608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                  608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::samples         6382                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.721717                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::gmean   207.854784                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::stdev    65.072219                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::32-63          591      9.26%      9.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::64-95            6      0.09%      9.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::96-127            5      0.08%      9.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.09%      9.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::160-191            5      0.08%      9.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::192-223            7      0.11%      9.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::224-255          591      9.26%     18.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5171     81.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::total         6382                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::samples          611                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.613748                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    45.764352                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    25.960021                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            2      0.33%      0.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           11      1.80%      2.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          104     17.02%     19.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           89     14.57%     33.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           86     14.08%     47.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           66     10.80%     58.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           64     10.47%     69.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           40      6.55%     75.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           41      6.71%     82.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           36      5.89%     88.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           27      4.42%     92.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::96-99           13      2.13%     94.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::104-107           12      1.96%     96.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            6      0.98%     97.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            5      0.82%     98.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            4      0.65%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            1      0.16%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            1      0.16%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            1      0.16%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            1      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::total          611                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::samples          611                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.036007                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.022745                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.830966                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.16%      0.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.16%      0.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.16%      0.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.16%      0.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::24            602     98.53%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::32              5      0.82%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::total          611                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat                  818627800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat            1353027400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat                100889600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                   25965.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat              42915.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                       6.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       2.86                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                    6.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    2.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                    30.76                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits                  27581                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                 12251                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate               87.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate              83.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                 28406828.63                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                  86.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::IDLE 159021658850                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::REF    3566736000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT    1518474650                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::0          1297900.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::1          1282780.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::2          1314230.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::3          1296086.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::4          1283990.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::5          1298505.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::6          1282780.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::7          1277942.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::0                875568                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::1                865368                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::2          886584.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::3          874344.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::4          866184.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::5                875976                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::6                865368                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::7          862104.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::0         4756377.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::1         4732915.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::2              4777344                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::3              4684992                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::4         4608614.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::5              4684992                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::6         4680499.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::7              4572672                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::0        2415329.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::1        2398740.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::2        2435235.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::3        2382151.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::4             2405376                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::5        2401643.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::6        2385469.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::7        2372198.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::0      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::1      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::2      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::3      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::4      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::5      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::6      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::7      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::0      912628039.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::1      910743975.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::2         915015528                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::3      916026261.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::4      914622036.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::5      916970454.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::6      913817926.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::7      912056051.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::0       41652070320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::1       41653723008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::2       41649976032                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::3      41649089424.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::4       41650321200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::5      41648261184.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::6       41651026560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::7      41652572064.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::0        45589057299.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::1        45588760552.320000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::2        45589418718.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::3        45589367023.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::4        45589121165.760002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::5        45589506520.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::6         45589072368                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::7        45588726796.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::0          64.432851                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::1          64.432432                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::2          64.433362                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::3          64.433289                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::4          64.432942                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::5          64.433486                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::6          64.432873                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::7          64.432384                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         6400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       446208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         6912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       544256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total          1008384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         6400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::total        15104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::writebacks       472064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total        472064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1743                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         2126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total              3939                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::writebacks         1844                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total             1844                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         6240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        38999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2718984                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         7800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        42119                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3316443                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        10920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         3120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total             6144622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        38999                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        42119                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        10920                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::total          92037                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::writebacks       2876538                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total            2876538                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::writebacks       2876538                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         6240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        38999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2718984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         7800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        42119                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3316443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        10920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         3120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total            9021160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                      3939                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                     1844                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                   31512                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                  14752                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM              1008384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                472064                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys               1008384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys             472064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        16494                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0            2000                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1            1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2            1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3            2032                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4            2016                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5            1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6            1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7            1952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::8            1968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::9            1952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::10           1904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::11           1992                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::12           1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::13           1952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::14           1928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::15           1936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0             920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1             872                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2             928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3             905                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4             912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5             936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6             928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7             920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::8             952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::9             920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::10            912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::11            943                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::12            912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::13            936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::14            928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::15            928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                165354531000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5               31512                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5              14752                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0                  3937                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1                  3938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2                  3938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3                  3938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4                  3938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5                  3938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6                  3938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7                  3938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                  620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::samples         6387                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.790825                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::gmean   207.995572                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::stdev    64.990043                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::32-63          589      9.22%      9.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::64-95            5      0.08%      9.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::96-127            8      0.13%      9.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::128-159            5      0.08%      9.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::160-191            8      0.13%      9.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::192-223            4      0.06%      9.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::224-255          587      9.19%     18.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5181     81.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::total         6387                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::samples          609                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.730706                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    45.828428                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.066312                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            1      0.16%      0.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           13      2.13%      2.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           99     16.26%     18.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           82     13.46%     32.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           96     15.76%     47.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           78     12.81%     60.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           54      8.87%     69.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           47      7.72%     77.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           42      6.90%     84.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           27      4.43%     88.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           22      3.61%     92.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::96-99           16      2.63%     94.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            8      1.31%     96.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            7      1.15%     97.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            8      1.31%     98.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            3      0.49%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            2      0.33%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            2      0.33%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::176-179            1      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::232-235            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::total          609                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::samples          609                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.223317                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.193509                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.318909                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::24            592     97.21%     97.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::32             17      2.79%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::total          609                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  812912200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat            1347040600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                100838400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                   25796.91                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat              42746.91                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                       6.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       2.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                    6.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    2.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                    31.26                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits                  27563                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                 12314                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate              83.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                 28593209.58                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                  86.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::IDLE 159104832650                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::REF    3566736000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT    1436231350                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::0          1313625.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::1          1274918.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::2          1270684.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::3          1269475.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::4          1270684.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::5          1268265.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::6          1299715.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::7          1271894.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::0                886176                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::1          860064.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::2                857208                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::3                856392                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::4                857208                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::5                855576                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::6                876792                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::7          858024.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::0         4776844.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::1         4676505.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::2         4628582.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::3         4593139.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::4         4536729.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::5         4560691.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::6              4712448                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::7         4529241.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::0        2461777.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::1        2375930.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::2        2375516.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::3        2365562.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::4        2382151.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::5        2352291.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::6        2415329.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::7        2378833.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::0      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::1      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::2      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::3      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::4      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::5      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::6      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::7      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::0      911990715.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::1      913129493.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::2      911440615.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::3      911372817.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::4      915082614.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::5         914186520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::6      913998119.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::7      915705711.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::0       41652629376                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::1       41651630448                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::2       41653111920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::3       41653171392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::4      41649917184.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::5       41650703232                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::6       41650868496                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::7       41649370608                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::0        45589072280.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::1        45588961125.120003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::2        45588698291.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::3        45588642543.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::4        45589060337.280006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::5        45588940341.120003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::6         45589184664                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::7        45589128077.760002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::0          64.432873                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::1          64.432716                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::2          64.432344                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::3          64.432265                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::4          64.432856                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::5          64.432686                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::6          64.433031                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::7          64.432951                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         7680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       499200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       491264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::total          1004288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         7680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::total        13568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::writebacks       471040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::total        471040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1950                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1919                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::total              3923                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::writebacks         1840                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::total             1840                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        46798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      3041892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        21839                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2993534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        14040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::total             6119663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        46798                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        21839                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        14040                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::total          82677                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::writebacks       2870298                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::total            2870298                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::writebacks       2870298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        46798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3041892                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        21839                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2993534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        14040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::total            8989962                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                      3923                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                     1840                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                   31384                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                  14720                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM              1004288                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten                471296                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys               1004288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys             471040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        12977                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0            1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1            1952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2            1992                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3            1928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4            1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5            1968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6            1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7            1968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::8            1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::9            1968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::10           1920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::11           1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::12           1952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::13           1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::14           1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::15           1944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0             896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1             928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2             920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3             912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4             904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5             920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6             944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7             936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::8             968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::9             912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::10            920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::11            936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::12            919                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::13            921                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::14            896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::15            896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                164104329000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5               31384                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5              14720                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0                  3923                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1                  3923                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2                  3923                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3                  3923                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4                  3923                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5                  3923                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6                  3923                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7                  3923                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                  607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                  607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                  607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                  607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                  607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                  607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                  608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                  621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                  621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::samples         6365                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.827808                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::gmean   207.971966                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::stdev    65.020312                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::32-63          589      9.25%      9.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::64-95            7      0.11%      9.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::96-127            5      0.08%      9.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::160-191            6      0.09%      9.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::192-223            7      0.11%      9.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::224-255          586      9.21%     18.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5165     81.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::total         6365                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::samples          608                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.644737                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    25.998709                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             1      0.16%      0.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            1      0.16%      0.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           16      2.63%      2.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           85     13.98%     16.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           90     14.80%     31.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           89     14.64%     46.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           81     13.32%     59.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           61     10.03%     69.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           51      8.39%     78.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           31      5.10%     83.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           37      6.09%     89.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           21      3.45%     92.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::96-99           11      1.81%     94.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            9      1.48%     96.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::112-115           11      1.81%     97.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            5      0.82%     98.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            2      0.33%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            1      0.16%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            1      0.16%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            3      0.49%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::176-179            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::total          608                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::samples          608                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.223684                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.193828                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.319964                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::24            591     97.20%     97.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::32             17      2.80%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::total          608                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat                  808964300                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat            1340923100                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat                100428800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                   25776.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat              42726.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                       6.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       2.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                    6.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    2.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                    30.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits                  27454                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                 12293                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate               87.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate              83.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                 28475503.90                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                  86.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::IDLE 159073085550                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::REF    3566736000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT    1466444950                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::0          1284595.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::1          1225929.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::2          1285804.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::3               1270080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::4          1303948.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::5          1249516.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::6          1314835.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::7               1309392                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::0                866592                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::1                827016                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::2                867408                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::3                856800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::4                879648                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::5                842928                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::6                886992                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::7                883320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::0         4628582.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::1         4489305.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::2              4712448                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::3         4601625.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::4         4637068.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::5         4490803.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::6              4832256                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::7              4712448                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::0        2438968.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::1        2339020.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::2        2358927.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::3        2372198.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::4        2455142.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::5        2339020.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::6        2416158.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::7        2385469.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::0      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::1      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::2      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::3      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::4      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::5      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::6      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::7      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::0      911857910.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::1      907064438.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::2      911886638.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::3      912814087.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::4      914982148.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::5      912777096.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::6      914103181.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::7      917036173.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::0       41652745872                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::1       41656950672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::2       41652720672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::3       41651907120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::4       41650005312                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::5       41651939568                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::6       41650776336                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::7       41648203536                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::0        45588836284.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::1        45587910146.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::2        45588845663.040001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::3        45588835676.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::4        45589277033.280006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::5        45588652698.239998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::6        45589343523.840004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::7        45589544103.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::0          64.432539                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::1          64.431230                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::2          64.432552                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::3          64.432538                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::4          64.433162                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::5          64.432280                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::6          64.433256                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::7          64.433539                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        10496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       471296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         6400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       518400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::total          1011712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        10496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::total        18944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::writebacks       472576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::total        472576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1841                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         2025                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::total              3952                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::writebacks         1846                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::total             1846                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         7800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        63958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2871858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        38999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3158888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        12480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         6240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::total             6164902                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        63958                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        38999                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        12480                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::total         115436                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::writebacks       2879658                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::total            2879658                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::writebacks       2879658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         7800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        63958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2871858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        38999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3158888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        12480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         6240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::total            9044560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                      3952                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                     1846                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                   31616                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                  14768                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM              1011488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                   224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten                472832                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys               1011712                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys             472576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                    7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        16874                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0            1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1            1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2            1968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3            2088                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4            1952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5            1992                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6            1936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7            2008                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::8            1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::9            1936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::10           1928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::11           1968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::12           2032                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::13           1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::14           1969                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::15           1952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0             904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1             904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2             904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3             911                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4             904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5             960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6             944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7             920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::8             968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::9             952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::10            920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::11            952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::12            889                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::13            928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::14            904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::15            912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                165326214000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5               31616                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5              14768                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0                  3952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1                  3951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2                  3951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3                  3951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4                  3951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5                  3951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6                  3951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7                  3951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                  620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                  620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                  620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                  620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                  620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                  620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::samples         6407                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.671609                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::gmean   207.730283                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::stdev    65.172847                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::32-63          595      9.29%      9.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::64-95            8      0.12%      9.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::96-127            5      0.08%      9.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.03%      9.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::160-191            5      0.08%      9.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::192-223           10      0.16%      9.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::224-255          590      9.21%     18.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5192     81.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::total         6407                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::samples          612                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.622549                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    45.513505                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.079619                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            1      0.16%      0.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           19      3.10%      3.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          101     16.50%     19.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           78     12.75%     32.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::40-43          100     16.34%     48.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           69     11.27%     60.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           48      7.84%     67.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           54      8.82%     76.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           39      6.37%     83.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           37      6.05%     89.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           19      3.10%     92.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::96-99           15      2.45%     94.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::104-107           10      1.63%     96.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            4      0.65%     97.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            3      0.49%     97.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            4      0.65%     98.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            3      0.49%     98.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            2      0.33%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            2      0.33%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            3      0.49%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::total          612                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::samples          612                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.143791                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.124420                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.063720                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::24            601     98.20%     98.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::32             11      1.80%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::total          612                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat                  818313350                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat            1354085900                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat                101148800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                   25888.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat              42838.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                       6.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       2.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                    6.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    2.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                    31.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits                  27645                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                 12333                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate               87.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate              83.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                 28514352.19                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                  86.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::IDLE 159039861600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::REF    3566736000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT    1501202400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::0          1265846.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::1          1331164.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::2          1262217.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::3          1262217.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::4          1259193.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::5          1293667.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::6               1309392                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::7          1283385.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::0          853944.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::1                898008                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::2                851496                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::3                851496                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::4                849456                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::5                872712                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::6                883320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::7                865776                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::0              4585152                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::1              4852224                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::2         4596633.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::3         4576665.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::4         4480819.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::5              4645056                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::6         4741401.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::7              4605120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::0        2385469.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::1        2478366.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::2        2368880.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::3        2365562.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::4        2368880.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::5        2438553.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::6        2419061.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::7        2362245.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::0      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::1      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::2      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::3      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::4      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::5      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::6      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::7      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::0      911672300.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::1      917994320.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::2      911805543.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::3      912998603.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::4      917335327.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::5      915373779.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::6      915279935.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::7      914048570.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::0       41652908688                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::1       41647363056                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::2       41652791808                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::3      41651745264.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::4       41647941120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::5       41649661776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::6       41649744096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::7       41650824240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::0        45588685164.480003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::1        45589930904.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::2        45588690343.680000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::3        45588813574.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::4        45589248561.599998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::5        45589299309.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::6        45589390970.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::7        45589003102.079994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::0          64.432326                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::1          64.434086                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::2          64.432333                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::3          64.432507                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::4          64.433122                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::5          64.433194                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::6          64.433323                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::7          64.432775                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        10240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       477184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         7424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       510976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::total          1008640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        10240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::total        20224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::writebacks       473344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::total        473344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1864                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::total              3940                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::writebacks         1849                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::total             1849                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        62398                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2907737                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        45238                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3113650                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        15599                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::total             6146182                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        62398                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        45238                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        15599                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::total         123236                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::writebacks       2884338                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::total            2884338                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::writebacks       2884338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        62398                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2907737                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        45238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3113650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        15599                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::total            9030520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                      3940                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                     1849                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                   31520                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                  14792                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM              1008640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                473600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys               1008640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys             473344                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        16277                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0            1936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1            1952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2            1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3            1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4            1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5            2000                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6            1944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7            1952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::8            1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::9            1936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::10           1968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::11           2024                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::12           1920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::13           2024                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::14           1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::15           2000                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0             889                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1             928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2             912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3             912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4             919                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5             936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6             936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7             936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::8             968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::9             928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::10            928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::11            936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::12            920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::13            936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::14            896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::15            920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                164042765000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5               31520                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5              14792                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0                  3938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1                  3938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2                  3938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3                  3938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4                  3938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5                  3938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6                  3938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7                  3938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                  620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                  621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                  621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                  621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                  621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                  621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                  621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::samples         6398                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.672398                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::gmean   207.773586                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::stdev    65.140631                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::32-63          593      9.27%      9.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::64-95            6      0.09%      9.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::96-127            7      0.11%      9.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::128-159            5      0.08%      9.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::160-191            7      0.11%      9.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::192-223            7      0.11%      9.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::224-255          587      9.17%     18.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5186     81.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::total         6398                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::samples          613                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.406199                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    45.181082                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    28.717006                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           19      3.10%      3.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          101     16.48%     19.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           83     13.54%     33.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::40-43          111     18.11%     51.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           64     10.44%     61.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           50      8.16%     69.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           41      6.69%     76.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           39      6.36%     82.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           45      7.34%     90.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           17      2.77%     92.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::96-99           12      1.96%     94.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            5      0.82%     95.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            6      0.98%     96.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            8      1.31%     98.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            4      0.65%     98.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            3      0.49%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            1      0.16%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::200-203            1      0.16%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::208-211            1      0.16%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::224-227            1      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::248-251            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::total          613                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::samples          613                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.143556                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.124216                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.062866                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::24            602     98.21%     98.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::32             11      1.79%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::total          613                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat                  821182600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat            1355446600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat                100864000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                   26052.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat              43002.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                       6.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       2.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                    6.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    2.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     8.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                    30.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits                  27574                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                 12348                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate               87.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate              83.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                 28336977.89                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                  86.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::IDLE 159036418350                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::REF    3566736000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT    1503281150                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::0          1277942.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::1          1262217.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::2          1278547.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::3          1256774.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::4               1282176                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::5               1294272                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::6          1296691.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::7          1280966.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::0          862104.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::1                851496                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::2                862512                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::3          847824.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::4                864960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::5                873120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::6                874752                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::7          864144.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::0         4620595.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::1              4592640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::2         4664524.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::3         4548710.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::4         4621593.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::5         4661529.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::6         4728422.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::7         4636569.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::0        2429015.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::1        2362245.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::2        2352291.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::3        2358927.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::4        2431918.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::5        2368880.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::6        2402058.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::7        2355609.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::0      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::1      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::2      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::3      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::4      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::5      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::6      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::7      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::0      913534585.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::1      911804284.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::2      915631894.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::3      914078776.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::4      911265238.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::5      917396887.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::6      914154454.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::7      911797718.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::0      41651275104.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::1       41652792912                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::2       41649435360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::3      41650797744.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::4       41653265760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::5       41647887120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::6       41650731360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::7       41652798672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::0        45589013111.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::1         45588679560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::2        45589238894.400002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::3        45588902520.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::4        45588745410.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::5        45589495574.400002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::6        45589201502.400002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::7        45588747444.480003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::0          64.432789                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::1          64.432318                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::2          64.433108                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::3          64.432633                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::4          64.432411                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::5          64.433471                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::6          64.433055                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::7          64.432414                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        10752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       506880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         5888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       484608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::total          1010944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        10752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         5888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::total        18688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::writebacks       471552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::total        471552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1980                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1893                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::total              3949                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::writebacks         1842                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::total             1842                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        65518                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      3088691                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        35879                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2952975                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        12480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         3120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::total             6160222                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        65518                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        35879                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        12480                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::total         113876                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::writebacks       2873418                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::total            2873418                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::writebacks       2873418                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        65518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3088691                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        35879                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2952975                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        12480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         3120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::total            9033640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                      3949                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                     1842                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                   31592                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                  14736                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM              1010944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                471296                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys               1010944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys             471552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        11295                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0            1992                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1            1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2            2048                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3            2016                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4            1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5            1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6            1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7            2000                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::8            1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::9            1936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::10           1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::11           2016                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::12           1920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::13           1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::14           1968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::15           1904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0             912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1             944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2             904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3             896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4             888                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5             927                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6             944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7             913                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::8             976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::9             936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::10            944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::11            928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::12            888                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::13            928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::14            896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::15            904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                164089459000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5               31592                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5              14736                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0                  3947                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1                  3947                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2                  3947                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3                  3947                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4                  3947                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5                  3947                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6                  3948                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7                  3948                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::samples         6404                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.460337                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::gmean   207.370808                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::stdev    65.402626                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::32-63          600      9.37%      9.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::64-95            5      0.08%      9.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::96-127            8      0.12%      9.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.03%      9.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::160-191            9      0.14%      9.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::192-223            7      0.11%      9.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::224-255          592      9.24%     19.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5181     80.90%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::total         6404                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::samples          609                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.862069                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    45.714534                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.380494                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            1      0.16%      0.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           13      2.13%      2.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          100     16.42%     18.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           96     15.76%     34.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           92     15.11%     49.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           65     10.67%     60.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           50      8.21%     68.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           46      7.55%     76.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           42      6.90%     82.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           34      5.58%     88.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           20      3.28%     91.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            9      1.48%     93.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::104-107           12      1.97%     95.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            9      1.48%     96.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            5      0.82%     97.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            5      0.82%     98.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            3      0.49%     98.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            2      0.33%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            2      0.33%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            2      0.33%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::total          609                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::samples          609                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.183908                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.159247                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.199919                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::24            595     97.70%     97.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::32             14      2.30%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::total          609                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat                  827138200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat            1362622600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat                101094400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                   26181.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat              43131.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                       6.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       2.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                    6.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    2.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     8.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                    31.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits                  27632                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                 12285                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate              83.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                 28335254.53                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                  86.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::IDLE 159025159650                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::REF    3566736000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT    1513766350                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::0          1283385.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::1               1333584                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::2          1303948.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::3          1336003.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::4          1292457.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::5               1282176                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::6          1320883.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::7          1294876.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::0                865776                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::1                899640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::2                879648                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::3                901272                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::4                871896                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::5                864960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::6                891072                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::7                873528                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::0         4633075.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::1         4995993.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::2         4765363.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::3              4854720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::4         4633574.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::5         4580659.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::6         4832755.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::7         4604620.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::0             2405376                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::1        2428600.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::2        2441871.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::3        2438968.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::4        2425282.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::5        2392519.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::6        2438553.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::7        2388787.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::0      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::1      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::2      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::3      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::4      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::5      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::6      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::7      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::0      913995766.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::1      910391414.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::2      911695556.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::3      916859373.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::4      913163474.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::5      913874342.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::6      913285336.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::7      918965272.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::0       41650870560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::1       41654032272                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::2       41652888288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::3      41648358624.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::4       41651600640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::5       41650977072                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::6      41651493744.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::7      41646511344.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::0        45589067703.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::1        45589095268.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::2         45588988440                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::3        45589762725.120010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::4        45589001089.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::5        45588985493.760002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::6        45589276108.800011                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::7        45589652193.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::0          64.432866                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::1          64.432905                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::2          64.432754                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::3          64.433848                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::4          64.432772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::5          64.432750                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::6          64.433161                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::7          64.433692                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       484352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       505856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total          1004032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         6144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::total        11776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::writebacks       472064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total        472064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1892                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1976                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total              3922                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::writebacks         1844                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total             1844                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         7800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        37439                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2951415                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        23399                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3082451                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        10920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         3120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total             6118103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        37439                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        23399                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        10920                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::total          71757                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::writebacks       2876538                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total            2876538                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::writebacks       2876538                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         7800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        37439                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2951415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        23399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3082451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        10920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         3120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total            8994641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                      3922                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                     1844                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                   31376                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                  14752                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM              1004032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten                472064                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys               1004032                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys             472064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        15914                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0            1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1            1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2            2048                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3            1968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4            1968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5            1944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6            1968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7            1992                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::8            1968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::9            1944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::10           1912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::11           1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::12           1912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::13           1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::14           1944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::15           1920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0             904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1             904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2             912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3             888                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4             872                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5             928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6             944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7             944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::8             976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::9             928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::10            928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::11            952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::12            904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::13            928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::14            920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::15            920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                165361527000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5               31376                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5              14752                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0                  3922                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1                  3922                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2                  3922                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3                  3922                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4                  3922                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5                  3922                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6                  3922                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7                  3922                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::samples         6370                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.726217                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::gmean   207.843152                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::stdev    65.094314                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::32-63          590      9.26%      9.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::64-95            7      0.11%      9.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::96-127            5      0.08%      9.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.06%      9.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::160-191            6      0.09%      9.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::192-223            7      0.11%      9.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::224-255          587      9.22%     18.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5164     81.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::total         6370                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::samples          613                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.171289                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    45.392422                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    25.566874                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            2      0.33%      0.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           17      2.77%      3.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          100     16.31%     19.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           90     14.68%     34.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           74     12.07%     46.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           81     13.21%     59.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           53      8.65%     68.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           54      8.81%     76.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           42      6.85%     83.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           36      5.87%     89.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           22      3.59%     93.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::96-99           15      2.45%     95.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::104-107           11      1.79%     97.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            4      0.65%     98.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            5      0.82%     98.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.16%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            2      0.33%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            2      0.33%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            1      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::176-179            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::total          613                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::samples          613                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.065253                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.053264                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.823858                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.16%      0.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.16%      0.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::24            605     98.69%     99.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::32              6      0.98%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::total          613                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  810472600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat            1342295800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                100403200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                   25830.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat              42780.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                       6.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       2.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                    6.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    2.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                    31.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits                  27448                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                 12310                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate               87.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate              83.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                 28678724.77                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                  86.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::IDLE 159090197600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::REF    3566736000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT    1453960400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::0          1332979.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::1          1253145.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::2               1276128                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::3               1324512                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::4          1254355.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::5          1256169.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::6               1303344                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::7          1286409.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::0                899232                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::1                845376                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::2                860880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::3                893520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::4                846192                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::5                847416                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::6                879240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::7                867816                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::0         4852723.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::1         4656537.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::2              4632576                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::3              4769856                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::4         4477324.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::5         4484812.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::6         4705459.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::7         4576665.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::0        2494955.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::1        2348974.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::2        2369295.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::3        2451824.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::4        2382151.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::5        2362245.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::6             2405376                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::7             2405376                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::0      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::1      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::2      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::3      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::4      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::5      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::6      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::7      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::0      917126023.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::1      909290283.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::2      912157447.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::3      916644268.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::4      913208947.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::5      916273103.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::6      913439975.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::7      915344504.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::0       41648124720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::1       41654998176                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::2       41652483120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::3       41648547312                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::4       41651560752                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::5       41648872896                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::6       41651358096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::7       41649687456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::0        45589844398.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::1        45588406257.599998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::2        45588793211.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::3        45589645057.920006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::4        45588743487.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::5        45589110407.040001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::6        45589105254.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::7        45589181992.320000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::0          64.433964                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::1          64.431931                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::2          64.432478                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::3          64.433682                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::4          64.432408                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::5          64.432927                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::6          64.432919                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::7          64.433028                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         9984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       499712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         5888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       488192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total          1007616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         9984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         5888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::total        17664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::writebacks       472064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total        472064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1952                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1907                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total              3936                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::writebacks         1844                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total             1844                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         6240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        60838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      3045012                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        35879                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2974815                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        10920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         3120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total             6139943                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        60838                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        35879                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        10920                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::total         107636                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::writebacks       2876538                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total            2876538                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::writebacks       2876538                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         6240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        60838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3045012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        35879                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2974815                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        10920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         3120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total            9016481                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                      3936                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                     1844                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                   31488                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                  14752                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM              1007616                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                471808                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys               1007616                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys             472064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        15230                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0            1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1            2040                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2            2032                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3            1936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4            1952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5            1992                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6            1952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7            1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::8            1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::9            2000                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::10           1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::11           1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::12           1912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::13           1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::14           1912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::15           1928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0             888                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1             888                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2             912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3             904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4             912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5             928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6             920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7             927                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::8             992                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::9             952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::10            912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::11            944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::12            920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::13            920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::14            913                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::15            912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                164111567000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5               31488                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5              14752                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0                  3932                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1                  3932                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2                  3933                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3                  3933                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4                  3933                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5                  3933                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6                  3933                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7                  3934                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                  620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::samples         6379                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.920991                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::gmean   208.106872                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::stdev    64.939048                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::32-63          589      9.23%      9.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::64-95            8      0.13%      9.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::96-127            3      0.05%      9.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::160-191            4      0.06%      9.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::192-223            8      0.13%      9.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::224-255          586      9.19%     18.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5181     81.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::total         6379                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::samples          610                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.593443                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    45.940876                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    25.337498                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           22      3.61%      3.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           90     14.75%     18.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           77     12.62%     30.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           87     14.26%     45.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           88     14.43%     59.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           52      8.52%     68.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           51      8.36%     76.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           42      6.89%     83.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           45      7.38%     90.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           13      2.13%     92.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::96-99           12      1.97%     94.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            7      1.15%     96.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            7      1.15%     97.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::120-123           10      1.64%     98.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            4      0.66%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            2      0.33%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::total          610                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::samples          610                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.170492                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.147594                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.156313                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::24            597     97.87%     97.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::32             13      2.13%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::total          610                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  822910700                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat            1356632300                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                100761600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                   26134.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat              43084.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                       6.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       2.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                    6.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    2.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     8.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                    31.22                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits                  27545                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                 12308                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate               87.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate              83.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                 28393004.67                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                  86.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::IDLE 159052531350                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::REF    3566736000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT    1491594150                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::0          1323907.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::1               1236816                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::2               1294272                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::3          1293667.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::4               1291248                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::5          1279756.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::6          1283385.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::7          1256774.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::0                893112                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::1                834360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::2                873120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::3                872712                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::4                871080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::5                863328                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::6                865776                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::7          847824.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::0         4864204.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::1         4516761.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::2         4688486.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::3         4716940.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::4              4652544                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::5         4604620.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::6         4636569.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::7         4469337.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::0        2458460.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::1        2325749.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::2        2408693.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::3        2378833.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::4        2435235.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::5        2362245.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::6        2398740.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::7        2342753.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::0      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::1      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::2      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::3      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::4      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::5      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::6      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::7      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::0      916144073.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::1      911937582.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::2      912247626.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::3      914795115.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::4      915132519.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::5      915987081.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::6      915577994.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::7      915345544.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::0       41648986080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::1      41652675984.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::2       41652404016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::3       41650169376                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::4       41649873408                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::5       41649123792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::6       41649482640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::7      41649686544.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::0        45589683601.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::1        45588541018.560013                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::2        45588929978.879997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::3        45589240410.239998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::4        45589269799.680000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::5        45589234588.799995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::6        45589258871.039993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::7        45588962542.080009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::0          64.433737                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::1          64.432122                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::2          64.432672                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::3          64.433110                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::4          64.433152                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::5          64.433102                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::6          64.433136                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::7          64.432718                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        11264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       537856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         6656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       450048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::total          1009920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        11264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::total        20736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::writebacks       472064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::total        472064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         2101                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1758                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::total              3945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::writebacks         1844                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::total             1844                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        68638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      3277444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        40559                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2742383                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        17159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::total             6153982                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        68638                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        40559                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        17159                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::total         126356                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::writebacks       2876538                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::total            2876538                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::writebacks       2876538                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        68638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3277444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        40559                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2742383                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        17159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::total            9030520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                      3945                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                     1844                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                   31560                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                  14752                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM              1009920                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten                471808                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys               1009920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys             472064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs       172434                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0            1952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1            1968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2            1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3            2040                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4            2008                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5            1992                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6            1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7            1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::8            1944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::9            1952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::10           2024                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::11           1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::12           1944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::13           1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::14           1920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::15           1920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0             896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1             928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2             920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3             928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4             896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5             944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6             936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7             936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::8             951                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::9             920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::10            921                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::11            920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::12            896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::13            944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::14            904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::15            904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                164109606000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5               31560                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5              14752                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0                  3943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1                  3943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2                  3943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3                  3943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4                  3943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5                  3943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6                  3944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7                  3944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::samples         6386                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::mean   232.027560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::gmean   208.254168                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::stdev    64.836655                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::32-63          591      9.25%      9.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::64-95            1      0.02%      9.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::96-127            4      0.06%      9.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.06%      9.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::160-191            5      0.08%      9.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::192-223            1      0.02%      9.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::224-255          588      9.21%     18.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5192     81.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::total         6386                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::samples          610                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.737705                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    46.118214                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    24.465855                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            1      0.16%      0.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           24      3.93%      4.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           91     14.92%     19.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           73     11.97%     30.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           81     13.28%     44.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           67     10.98%     55.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           64     10.49%     65.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           60      9.84%     75.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           44      7.21%     82.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           50      8.20%     90.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           20      3.28%     94.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::96-99           15      2.46%     96.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            7      1.15%     97.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            2      0.33%     98.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            2      0.33%     98.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            5      0.82%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            2      0.33%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            1      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::total          610                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::samples          610                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.170492                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.147526                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.157732                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.16%      0.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::24            595     97.54%     97.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::25              1      0.16%     97.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::32             13      2.13%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::total          610                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat                  820060100                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat            1355002100                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat                100992000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                   25984.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat              42934.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                       6.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       2.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                    6.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    2.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                    30.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits                  27612                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                 12306                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate               87.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate              83.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                 28348524.10                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                  86.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::IDLE 159061663600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::REF    3566736000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT    1481093400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::0          1270684.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::1          1328745.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::2          1283385.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::3          1283385.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::4          1253145.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::5          1326326.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::6               1306368                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::7          1295481.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::0                857208                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::1                896376                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::2                865776                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::3                865776                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::4                845376                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::5          894744.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::6                881280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::7                873936                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::0         4633075.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::1         4944076.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::2         4696473.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::3         4656537.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::4         4524748.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::5         4745395.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::6              4724928                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::7         4589145.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::0        2382151.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::1        2441871.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::2        2362245.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::3        2385469.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::4        2388787.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::5        2455557.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::6        2415329.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::7        2418647.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::0      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::1      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::2      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::3      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::4      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::5      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::6      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::7      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::0      910995906.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::1      914512432.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::2      912861803.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::3      915425709.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::4      911709126.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::5      918680235.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::6      915000206.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::7      913903015.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::0       41653502016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::1      41650417344.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::2      41651865264.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::3      41649616224.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::4      41652876384.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::5       41646761376                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::6       41649989472                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::7       41650951920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::0        45588654806.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::1        45589554610.560005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::2        45588948712.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::3        45589246866.240013                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::4        45588611332.800011                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::5        45589877399.039993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::6        45589331348.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::7        45589045910.400002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::0          64.432283                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::1          64.433554                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::2          64.432698                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::3          64.433119                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::4          64.432221                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::5          64.434011                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::6          64.433239                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::7          64.432835                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         7680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       487168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         5888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       502784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::total          1005568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         7680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         5888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::total        15616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::writebacks       469504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::total        469504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1903                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1964                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::total              3928                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::writebacks         1834                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::total             1834                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        46798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2968575                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        35879                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3063731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        12480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::total             6127463                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        46798                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        35879                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        12480                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::total          95157                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::writebacks       2860939                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::total            2860939                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::writebacks       2860939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        46798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2968575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        35879                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3063731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        12480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::total            8988402                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                      3928                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                     1834                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                   31424                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                  14672                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM              1005312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                469504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys               1005568                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys             469504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        10279                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0            1992                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1            1968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2            1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3            1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4            1992                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5            1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6            1952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7            1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::8            1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::9            1920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::10           1944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::11           2016                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::12           1920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::13           1968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::14           1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::15           1912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0             904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1             920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2             904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3             896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4             904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5             936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6             936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7             920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::8             984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::9             903                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::10            912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::11            928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::12            896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::13            920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::14            896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::15            913                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                164088897000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5               31424                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5              14672                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0                  3922                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1                  3922                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2                  3922                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3                  3922                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4                  3925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5                  3925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6                  3925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7                  3925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                  606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                  606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                  606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                  606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                  606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                  606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                  608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                  609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                  611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                  606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::samples         6365                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.707148                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::gmean   207.902071                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::stdev    65.034727                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::32-63          587      9.22%      9.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::64-95            5      0.08%      9.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::96-127            9      0.14%      9.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.09%      9.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::160-191            9      0.14%      9.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::192-223            6      0.09%      9.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::224-255          585      9.19%     18.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5158     81.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::total         6365                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::samples          606                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.815182                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    45.842118                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.497444                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           17      2.81%      2.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           99     16.34%     19.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           89     14.69%     33.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           90     14.85%     48.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           56      9.24%     57.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           54      8.91%     66.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           59      9.74%     76.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           38      6.27%     82.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           36      5.94%     88.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           17      2.81%     91.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::96-99           15      2.48%     94.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::104-107           14      2.31%     96.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            7      1.16%     97.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            7      1.16%     98.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.17%     98.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            2      0.33%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            2      0.33%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            2      0.33%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::192-195            1      0.17%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::total          606                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::samples          606                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.211221                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.182988                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.283695                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::24            590     97.36%     97.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::32             16      2.64%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::total          606                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat                  815594800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat            1348096000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat                100531200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                   25961.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat              42911.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                       6.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       2.86                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                    6.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    2.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     8.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                    30.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits                  27483                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                 12240                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate               87.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate              83.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                 28477767.62                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                  86.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::IDLE 159047756600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::REF    3566736000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT    1491419900                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::0          1313020.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::1          1292457.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::2          1293062.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::3          1340841.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::4          1311206.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::5               1294272                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::6          1286409.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::7          1294876.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::0                885768                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::1                871896                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::2          872304.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::3                904536                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::4          884544.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::5                873120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::6                867816                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::7                873528                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::0         4804300.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::1              4772352                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::2         4712947.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::3         4933094.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::4         4760870.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::5         4569177.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::6         4704460.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::7         4584652.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::0        2451824.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::1        2398740.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::2        2408693.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::3        2465095.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::4        2445189.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::5             2405376                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::6        2378833.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::7        2419061.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::0      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::1      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::2      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::3      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::4      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::5      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::6      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::7      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::0      912274274.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::1      912057036.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::2      913249823.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::3      914129118.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::4      913539729.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::5      915580293.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::6      913772563.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::7      918403352.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::0       41652380640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::1       41652571200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::2       41651524896                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::3      41650753584.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::4       41651270592                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::5      41649480624.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::6       41651066352                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::7       41647004256                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::0        45589123593.599998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::1        45588977447.040001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::2        45589075490.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::3        45589540034.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::4         45589225896                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::5        45589216627.200012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::6         45589090200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::7        45589593492.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::0          64.432945                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::1          64.432739                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::2          64.432877                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::3          64.433534                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::4          64.433090                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::5          64.433077                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::6          64.432898                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::7          64.433609                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       484096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       502016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total           999424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         6144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::total        11520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::writebacks       469504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total        469504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1891                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total              3904                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::writebacks         1834                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total             1834                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         9360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        37439                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2949856                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        23399                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3059052                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         9360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total             6090024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        37439                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        23399                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         9360                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::total          70198                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::writebacks       2860939                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total            2860939                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::writebacks       2860939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         9360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        37439                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2949856                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        23399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3059052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         9360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total            8950963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                      3904                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                     1834                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                   31232                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                  14672                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM               999424                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten                469760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys                999424                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys             469504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        10209                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0            1992                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1            1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2            1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3            1936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4            1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5            1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6            1944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7            1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::8            1992                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::9            1952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::10           1896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::11           1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::12           1912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::13           1968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::14           1904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::15           1920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0             872                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1             888                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2             912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3             872                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4             896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5             928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6             936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7             919                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::8             976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::9             960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::10            904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::11            944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::12            912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::13            928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::14            921                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::15            912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                164111567000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5               31232                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5              14672                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0                  3897                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1                  3897                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2                  3897                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3                  3897                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4                  3897                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5                  3897                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6                  3897                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7                  3898                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                  603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                  603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                  603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                  603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                  603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                  603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                  603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                  603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                  605                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                  605                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                  608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                  610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                  625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                  626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                  621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                  621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                  621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                  608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::samples         6339                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.764001                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::gmean   207.998196                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::stdev    64.985586                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::32-63          582      9.18%      9.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::64-95            9      0.14%      9.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::96-127            8      0.13%      9.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::128-159            3      0.05%      9.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::160-191            8      0.13%      9.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::192-223            8      0.13%      9.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::224-255          581      9.17%     18.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5140     81.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::total         6339                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::samples          606                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.551155                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    46.015907                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    24.867182                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            2      0.33%      0.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           18      2.97%      3.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           80     13.20%     16.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           88     14.52%     31.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           91     15.02%     46.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           88     14.52%     60.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           49      8.09%     68.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           37      6.11%     74.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           50      8.25%     83.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           45      7.43%     90.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           20      3.30%     93.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            9      1.49%     95.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::104-107           10      1.65%     96.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            8      1.32%     98.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            4      0.66%     98.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.17%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            3      0.50%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            2      0.33%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            1      0.17%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::total          606                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::samples          606                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.224422                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.185067                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.473445                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      0.33%      0.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::24            585     96.53%     96.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::32             19      3.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::total          606                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  811333200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat            1340715600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                 99942400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                   25977.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat              42927.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                       6.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       2.86                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                    6.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    2.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                    30.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits                  27316                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                 12256                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate               87.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate              83.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                 28600830.78                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                  86.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::IDLE 159100141200                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::REF    3566736000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT    1443671800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::0          1317254.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::1          1231977.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::2               1318464                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::3          1325721.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::4          1245283.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::5          1261612.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::6          1281571.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::7          1265846.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::0          888624.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::1                831096                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::2                889440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::3                894336                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::4                840072                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::5                851088                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::6                864552                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::7          853944.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::0         4792819.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::1         4553702.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::2         4848230.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::3              4792320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::4              4472832                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::5         4489804.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::6         4573171.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::7         4484812.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::0        2458460.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::1             2322432                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::2        2435650.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::3        2425282.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::4        2375516.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::5        2355609.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::6        2402058.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::7        2372198.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::0      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::1      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::2      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::3      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::4      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::5      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::6      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::7      3015013764.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::0      915951568.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::1      909090829.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::2      914855909.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::3      917011002.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::4      911284827.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::5      917025776.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::6      912986674.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::7      913766379.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::0      41649154944.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::1       41655173136                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::2       41650116048                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::3       41648225616                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::4       41653248576                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::5       41648212656                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::6       41651755728                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::7       41651071776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::0        45589577434.560005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::1        45588216937.920006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::2        45589477507.200005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::3        45589688042.879997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::4        45588480871.679993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::5        45589210312.320000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::6        45588877519.680000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::7        45588828721.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::0          64.433587                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::1          64.431664                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::2          64.433445                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::3          64.433743                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::4          64.432037                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::5          64.433068                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::6          64.432597                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::7          64.432528                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp2.system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp2.system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
timestamp2.system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp2.system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               38153                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              38152                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 55                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp                55                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             29469                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           523944                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         895867                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          377590                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             24942                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            24896                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          292                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave      1952831                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      1953123                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.membus.pkt_count::total                1953123                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave     23660801                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     23661385                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.membus.pkt_size::total                23661385                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     19076500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    628082000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        55000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        27500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    486238500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq    261976990                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq    447940985                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp    188795000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     12471000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    410784000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq           90                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp           94                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback          482                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            9                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp           14                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           23                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           88                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq       536499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       745000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        10500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback      2018997                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        90000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       108000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       249500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       616000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.failedReq                           604                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.failedResp                          197                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.membus.pimReqSuccess                         1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.membus.pimReqFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.pimRespSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.membus.pimRespFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime             2894996                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime            1479500                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.membus.snoops                          1042267                       # Total snoops (count)
timestamp2.system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1512283                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 1512283    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1512283                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              100000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                 146                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy           706513000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded              470017                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy         1227688500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded             440693                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq              38061                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp             38061                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback            29469                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          214343                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        163247                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         377590                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq            24896                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp           24896                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         5780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         7589                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         8268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port        10777                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         8960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port        10588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         8881                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port        11281                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port        88368                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        10813                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         8818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port        10661                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         8731                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port        10406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         7662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         9972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total       227556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         5838                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         7534                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         7954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port        10907                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         8936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port        10683                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         8835                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port        11279                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port        88707                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        10750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         8799                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port        10720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         8739                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port        10261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         7658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port        10093                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total       227693                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         5690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         7589                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         7940                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port        10630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         9220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port        10534                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         8930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port        11293                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port        88783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        11026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         8723                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port        10669                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         8846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port        10377                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         7314                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port        10052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total       227616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         5823                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         7536                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         8168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port        10592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         9073                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port        10478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         8994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port        11307                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port        88744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        10909                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         8711                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port        10660                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         8747                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port        10472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         7426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port        10059                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total       227700                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total                910565                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       376320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       370432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       385536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       378368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       367360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       367616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       366080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       377600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       375808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       359680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       373248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       364544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       354048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       376320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       386560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       353280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total      5932801                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       377600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       367872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       353792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       393728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       355072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       378112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       360448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       361984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       375040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       364032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       371456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       374272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       364288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       356864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       382208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       372224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total      5908992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       356096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       371456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       363264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       363008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       378624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       368128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       369664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       365824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       358912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       390912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       365568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       377600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       385024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       360448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       351744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       385024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total      5911296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       370176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       365312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       379904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       349696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       376064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       368128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       379136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       373504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       372224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       369664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       366336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       364032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       373760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       382464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       348416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       369152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total      5907968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total               23661057                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     53285400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    376516750                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         2200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    277008200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq    300080200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq    228545800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp    528248410                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     34854400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    246303600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback          400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.failedReq                            1                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.failedResp                           0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime                400                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime                 0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy           32191000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded              12485                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy           37129400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded              16041                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy           38656400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded              17086                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy           46111800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded              22377                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy           41366400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded              19016                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy           45684400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded              22066                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy           40956000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded              18740                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy           47585200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded              23498                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy          264264200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded             178223                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy           46508800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded              22672                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy          40552400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded             18446                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy          45939800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded             22277                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy          40560800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded             18452                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy          45104000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded             21680                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy          36997400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded             15947                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy          44166000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded             21010                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.occupancy              2200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.succeeded                 1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy         287498671                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded            110051                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy         288076428                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded            110189                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy         287391287                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded            110112                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy         288103874                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded            110196                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smcxbar.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
timestamp2.system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
timestamp2.system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp2.system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp2.system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
timestamp2.system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
timestamp2.system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
timestamp2.system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
timestamp2.system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp2.system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp2.system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
timestamp2.system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
timestamp2.system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
timestamp2.system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq        38061                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp        38060                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback        29469                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       214343                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       163247                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       377590                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq        24896                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp        24896                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave       227556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave       227693                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave       227615                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave       227700                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total       910564                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave      5932801                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave      5908992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave      5911040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave      5907968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total     23660801                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     30448800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    152240000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq          900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    117876000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq    171474400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq    130597600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp    302072000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     19916800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     99584000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp           28                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            6                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           15                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp        67300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         9400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        39000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.failedResp                    49                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess                  1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime       115700                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy    117853700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded       117505                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy    117411200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded       117504                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy    117657600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded       117504                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy    117392000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded       117504                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy    553896800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded       440547                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1592012                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1592011                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq                55                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp               55                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            45001                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          523605                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        895953                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        1419558                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq         9513                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp         9513                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            53539                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           53539                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        63314                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1767313                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side        14976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        64962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1766928                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side        15037                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               3694261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8104192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20910584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side        25440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8315136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     21172268                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side        25712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       132864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        60709                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               58747041                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    851714360                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   4999960982                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        55000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        27500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback   1464025508                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq    261809486                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq    448386678                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp    188671494                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq      4759494                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     26789959                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp   1002463498                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        12009                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp         4219                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback          919                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1450                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        10820                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            5                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           10                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq         3283                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp          265                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    227380999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     72053987                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        29000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback     15472854                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     19579000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq    154970501                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        65000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq     93989500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      4555500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      4531500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.failedReq                        28529                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.failedResp                        4489                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime          515977354                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime          76650487                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoops                         2500093                       # Total snoops (count)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          3119531                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47               3119531    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            3119531                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3057540985                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded            3119678                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1028871462                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded             31657                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       25885065536                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            15.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded           1496351                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy             18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                18                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy           8632467                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded              8616                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy        1055653458                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded             32481                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy       25940183542                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization            15.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded           1496054                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer8.occupancy             19000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer8.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                19                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy           8620477                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded              8609                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy         16873487                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              519                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy          9234998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              350                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                2                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                  nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                  nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                  nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.numCycles                        0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_func_calls                   0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_insts                    0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_load_insts                   0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_store_insts                  0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.idle_fraction                    1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShift              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemRead                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IprAccess              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::total                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples        16410                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0        16410    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total        16410                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.totalReadBytes                  0                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples        16410                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0        16410    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total        16410                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.totalWrittenBytes               0                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::0              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::1              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::2              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::3              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::4              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::5              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::6              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::7              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::8              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::9              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::10             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::11             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::12             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::13             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::14             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::15             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::16             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::17             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::18             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::19             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::mean             nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev            nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::total              0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean           nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::samples              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::mean               nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev              nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::total                0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples        16410                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0        16410    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total        16410                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples        16410                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0        16410    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total        16410                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::samples        16410                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::mean             0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::0            16410    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::total        16410                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::samples        16410                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::0           16410    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::total        16410                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count::total              2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size::total               1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedReq                     0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedResp                    0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespSuccess                1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy         1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy          700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp2.system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.replacements                     63034                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8080.336110                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.total_refs                      106040                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     63034                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.682267                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3358.378319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     6.422046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.002807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst   126.280235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data  2231.136471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     2.606140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst    67.007996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data  2132.281447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst    35.310018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data    11.342835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst    11.212236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst     2.606189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst     1.395389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data     0.041301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.753510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst    70.540651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data    20.018518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.409958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.015415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.272356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.008180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.260288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.004310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.001385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.001369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.000318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.000170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.008611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.002444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.986369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8090                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          770                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3356                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3889                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.001465                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.987549                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   5050353                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  5050353                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         6321                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst        31139                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        24680                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         6404                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst        32105                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        26103                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          395                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          114                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  127293                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            45001                       # number of Writeback hits
timestamp2.system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 45001                       # number of Writeback hits
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           53                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   94                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           42                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           43                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 86                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         3192                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         2313                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  5516                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         6321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst         31139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data         27872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         6404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst         32105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data         28416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data           125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_hits::total                   132809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         6321                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           14                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst        31139                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data        27872                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         6404                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst        32105                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data        28416                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          395                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data          125                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_hits::total                  132809                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst          518                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        18874                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst          376                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        18980                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          124                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 38962                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       108278                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       105618                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             213910                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        80846                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        82400                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           163247                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        12587                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        12737                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               25329                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst          518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data        31461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst          376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data        31717                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_misses::total                  64291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           39                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst          518                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data        31461                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           24                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst          376                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data        31717                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          124                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data           30                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_misses::total                 64291                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      4957000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       248000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     65556000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   2325735979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      2801000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     46950000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   2342079473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     15427000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3222500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4806976952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     24765500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     20624000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     45454500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2156000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2997500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      5153500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1573901998                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1585190498                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       562000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    3159654496                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      4957000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       248000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     65556000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   3899637977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      2801000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     46950000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   3927269971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     15427000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3784500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       7966631448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      4957000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       248000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     65556000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   3899637977                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      2801000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     46950000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   3927269971                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     15427000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3784500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      7966631448                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         6360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           16                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        31657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        43554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         6428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        32481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        45083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              166255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        45001                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             45001                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data       108331                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data       105652                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           214004                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        80888                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        82443                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         163333                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        15779                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        15050                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             30845                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         6360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        31657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data        59333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         6428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        32481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data        60133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data          155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_accesses::total               197100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         6360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           16                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        31657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data        59333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         6428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        32481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data        60133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data          155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_accesses::total              197100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.006132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.125000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.016363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.433347                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.003734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.011576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.421001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.238921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.179856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.234351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.999511                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.999678                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.999561                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.999481                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.999478                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.999473                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.797706                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.846312                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.312500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.821170                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.006132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.125000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.016363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.530245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.003734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.011576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.527447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.238921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.193548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.326185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.006132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.125000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.016363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.530245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.003734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.011576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.527447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.238921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.193548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.326185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 127102.564103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       124000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 126555.984556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 123224.328653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 116708.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 124867.021277                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 123397.232508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 124411.290323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       128900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123376.031826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   228.721439                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   195.269746                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  4642.857143                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   212.493572                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    26.667986                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    36.377427                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total    31.568727                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 125041.868436                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 124455.562377                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       112400                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124744.541672                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 127102.564103                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 126555.984556                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 123951.494771                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 116708.333333                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 124867.021277                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 123822.239525                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 124411.290323                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       126150                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123915.189498                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 127102.564103                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 126555.984556                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 123951.494771                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 116708.333333                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 124867.021277                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 123822.239525                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 124411.290323                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       126150                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123915.189498                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                29469                       # number of writebacks
timestamp2.system.l2.writebacks::total                     29469                       # number of writebacks
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data          440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data          435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data          440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data          435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data          440                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data          435                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                901                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        18434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        18545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            38061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       108278                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       105618                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        213910                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        80846                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        82400                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       163247                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        12587                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        12737                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          25329                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        31021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        31282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             63390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        31021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           20                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        31282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            63390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      4528000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       226000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     59351500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   2108022479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      2401500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     41523500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   2123300973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13928000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2947500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4356229452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   5873294497                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   5729108999                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       771500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11603174996                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   4372232154                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   4456174039                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8828460693                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1435444998                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1445083498                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       507000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2881035496                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      4528000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       226000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     59351500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   3543467477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      2401500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     41523500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   3568384471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13928000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3454500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7237264948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      4528000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       226000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     59351500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   3543467477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      2401500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     41523500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   3568384471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13928000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3454500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7237264948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       741000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       981500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       120000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1842500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       500000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       530500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        90000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1120500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      1241000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      1512000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       210000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2963000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.006132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.125000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.016205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.423245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.003111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.011145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.411352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.233141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.179856                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.228931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.999511                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.999678                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999561                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.999481                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.999478                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999473                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.797706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.846312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.312500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.821170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.006132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.125000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.016205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.522829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.003111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.011145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.520214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.233141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.193548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.321613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.006132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.125000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.016205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.522829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.003111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.011145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.520214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.233141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.193548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.321613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 116102.564103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       113000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 115694.931774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 114355.130682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       120075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 114705.801105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 114494.525371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 115107.438017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       117900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114453.888547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54242.731644                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54243.680045                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 55107.142857                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54243.256491                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54080.995399                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54079.782027                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54080.385508                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 114041.868436                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 113455.562377                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       101400                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113744.541672                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 116102.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 115694.931774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 114228.022211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       120075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 114705.801105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 114071.493862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 115107.438017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       115150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114170.451932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 116102.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 115694.931774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 114228.022211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       120075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 114705.801105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 114071.493862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 115107.438017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       115150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114170.451932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.l2.waiting_on_retry                        604                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples        15722                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        15722    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total         15722                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         7454                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean    255.965790                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   255.809627                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     2.953558                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             1      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         7453     99.99%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total         7454                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples         16410                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     24522023.156612                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    36099966.550021                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        13398     81.65%     81.65% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1556      9.48%     91.13% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          419      2.55%     93.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          688      4.19%     97.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08          169      1.03%     98.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           95      0.58%     99.48% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           68      0.41%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            8      0.05%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            1      0.01%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            2      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            2      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total           16410                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        24525451.251035      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                   4024832                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples        16410                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    11617501.523461                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   26229176.881541                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07        11904     72.54%     72.54% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         3173     19.34%     91.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     91.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          663      4.04%     95.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07          254      1.55%     97.46% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     97.46% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08          187      1.14%     98.60% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           92      0.56%     99.17% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.17% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           57      0.35%     99.51% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08           30      0.18%     99.70% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.70% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08           34      0.21%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08           12      0.07%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            3      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total          16410                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       11626274.263866      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                1907969                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples           15722                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       95974.761481                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      95664.707222                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev       9574.786815                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            1      0.01%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        15321     97.45%     97.46% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-114687           88      0.56%     98.02% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-131071           73      0.46%     98.48% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-147455           68      0.43%     98.91% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-163839           71      0.45%     99.36% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::163840-180223           66      0.42%     99.78% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            3      0.02%     99.80% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.80% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           31      0.20%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total             15722                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean               nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples               15722                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           10436682.673960                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          12682354.110122                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows             15722    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value            132000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value         183228000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                 15722                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples              7454                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         22016238.395492                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        33248915.667963                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             1      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows            7453     99.99%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value           83000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value       253526000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total                7454                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                 23176                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             7080990.723162                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            8769847.236909                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000                1      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows               23174     99.99%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value               83000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value           129655000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                   23176                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples        16410                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.009567                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.097347                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0            16253     99.04%     99.04% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1              157      0.96%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total        16410                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples        16410                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0           16410    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total        16410                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples             16410                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean             0.957892                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            1.407992                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-1                 13394     81.62%     81.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::2-3                  1985     12.10%     93.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::4-5                   691      4.21%     97.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::6-7                   254      1.55%     99.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8-9                    69      0.42%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::10-11                   8      0.05%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::12-13                   4      0.02%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::14-15                   2      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-17                   0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::18-19                   1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::20-21                   2      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::22-23                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::24-25                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total               16410                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples            16410                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.453809                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           1.024577                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                  11904     72.54%     72.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                   3173     19.34%     91.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                    663      4.04%     95.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                    254      1.55%     97.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                    187      1.14%     98.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                     92      0.56%     99.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                     57      0.35%     99.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                     30      0.18%     99.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                     34      0.21%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                     12      0.07%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     3      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total              16410                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples        15767                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        15767    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total         15767                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         7315                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         7315    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total         7315                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples         16410                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     24585984.156002                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    36255818.790172                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        13431     81.85%     81.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1487      9.06%     90.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          406      2.47%     93.38% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          743      4.53%     97.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08          174      1.06%     98.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           81      0.49%     99.46% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           72      0.44%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            6      0.04%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            3      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            3      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total           16410                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        24595648.764475      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                   4036352                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples        16410                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    11405338.208410                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   26183691.699892                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07        11955     72.85%     72.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         3165     19.29%     92.14% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     92.14% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          671      4.09%     96.23% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07          227      1.38%     97.61% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     97.61% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08          152      0.93%     98.54% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           90      0.55%     99.09% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.09% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           68      0.41%     99.50% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08           36      0.22%     99.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08           28      0.17%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            9      0.05%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            2      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            4      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            3      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total          16410                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       11410995.795784      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                1872640                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples           15767                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       95976.463500                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      95662.259591                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev       9706.074058                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        15378     97.53%     97.53% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-114687           74      0.47%     98.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-131071           75      0.48%     98.48% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-147455           65      0.41%     98.89% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-163839           70      0.44%     99.33% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-180223           70      0.44%     99.78% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%     99.78% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.78% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           35      0.22%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total             15767                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean               nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples               15767                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           10408369.442507                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          12693088.481635                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows             15767    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value            137000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value         123000000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                 15767                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples              7315                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         22424316.336295                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        33620111.269341                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows            7315    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value          112000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value       318173000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total                7315                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                 23082                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             7109815.483927                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            8878003.508951                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows               23081    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value               88000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value            92776000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                   23082                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples        16410                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.008836                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.093587                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0            16265     99.12%     99.12% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1              145      0.88%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total        16410                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples        16410                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0           16410    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total        16410                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples             16410                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean             0.960390                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            1.413271                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-1                 13429     81.83%     81.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::2-3                  1901     11.58%     93.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::4-5                   739      4.50%     97.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::6-7                   254      1.55%     99.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8-9                    71      0.43%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::10-11                   9      0.05%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::12-13                   3      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::14-15                   2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-17                   0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::18-19                   1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::20-21                   1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::22-23                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::24-25                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total               16410                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples            16410                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.445521                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           1.022800                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                  11955     72.85%     72.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                   3165     19.29%     92.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                    671      4.09%     96.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                    227      1.38%     97.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                    152      0.93%     98.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                     90      0.55%     99.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                     68      0.41%     99.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                     36      0.22%     99.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                     28      0.17%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                      9      0.05%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     2      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     4      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     3      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total              16410                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples        15699                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        15699    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total         15699                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         7392                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         7392    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total         7392                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples         16410                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     24487702.620353                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    35974797.567058                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        13357     81.40%     81.40% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1587      9.67%     91.07% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          442      2.69%     93.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          695      4.24%     98.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08          154      0.94%     98.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           88      0.54%     99.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           75      0.46%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            5      0.03%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            1      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            1      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            3      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total           16410                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        24488012.577201      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                   4018688                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples        16410                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    11520780.012188                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   26259642.055879                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07        11950     72.82%     72.82% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         3140     19.13%     91.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     91.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          662      4.03%     95.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07          253      1.54%     97.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     97.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08          163      0.99%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08          104      0.63%     99.16% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.16% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           49      0.30%     99.46% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08           44      0.27%     99.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08           28      0.17%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08           12      0.07%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            2      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            3      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total          16410                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       11531111.541003      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                1892352                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples           15698                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       96019.320933                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      95694.382819                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev       9905.686644                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        15302     97.48%     97.48% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-114687           69      0.44%     97.92% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-131071           77      0.49%     98.41% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-147455           78      0.50%     98.90% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-163839           73      0.47%     99.37% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::163840-180223           59      0.38%     99.75% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            1      0.01%     99.75% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.75% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           37      0.24%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            1      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            1      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total             15698                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean               nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples               15699                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           10453517.676285                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          12541326.781455                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows             15699    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value            152000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value         162877000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                 15699                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples              7392                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         22200813.176407                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        33550522.066755                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows            7392    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value          134000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value       370716000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total                7392                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                 23091                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             7107044.129748                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            8731644.105111                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows               23091    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value              113000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value            93402000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                   23091                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples        16410                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.008592                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.092298                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0            16269     99.14%     99.14% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1              141      0.86%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total        16410                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples        16410                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0           16410    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total        16410                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples             16410                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean             0.956490                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            1.404461                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-1                 13364     81.44%     81.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::2-3                  2026     12.35%     93.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::4-5                   690      4.20%     97.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::6-7                   241      1.47%     99.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8-9                    76      0.46%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::10-11                   6      0.04%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::12-13                   1      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::14-15                   1      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-17                   2      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::18-19                   2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::20-21                   1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::22-23                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::24-25                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total               16410                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples            16410                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.450030                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           1.025767                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                  11950     72.82%     72.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                   3140     19.13%     91.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                    662      4.03%     95.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                    253      1.54%     97.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                    163      0.99%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                    104      0.63%     99.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                     49      0.30%     99.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                     44      0.27%     99.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                     28      0.17%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                     12      0.07%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     2      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     3      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total              16410                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples        15769                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        15769    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total         15769                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         7309                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         7309    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total         7309                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples         16410                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     24589104.204753                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    35927244.731545                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        13397     81.64%     81.64% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1540      9.38%     91.02% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          404      2.46%     93.49% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          737      4.49%     97.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08          164      1.00%     98.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           83      0.51%     99.48% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           70      0.43%     99.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            4      0.02%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            4      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            4      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total           16410                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        24598768.653961      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                   4036864                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples        16410                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    11395978.062157                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   26077728.493264                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07        11946     72.80%     72.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         3168     19.31%     92.10% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     92.10% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          674      4.11%     96.21% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07          244      1.49%     97.70% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     97.70% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08          147      0.90%     98.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           87      0.53%     99.12% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.12% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           61      0.37%     99.49% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08           32      0.20%     99.69% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.69% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08           31      0.19%     99.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08           12      0.07%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            2      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            4      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            2      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total          16410                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       11401636.127326      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                1871104                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples           15769                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       95904.280550                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      95602.776639                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev       9550.795405                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            2      0.01%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        15407     97.70%     97.72% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-114687           65      0.41%     98.13% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-131071           68      0.43%     98.56% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-147455           68      0.43%     98.99% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-163839           66      0.42%     99.41% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::163840-180223           55      0.35%     99.76% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%     99.76% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.76% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           38      0.24%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total             15769                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples              1                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean             11300                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11300.000000                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total                1                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples               15769                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           10407051.873930                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          12705944.441026                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows             15769    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value            107000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value         131272000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                 15769                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples              7309                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         22452908.742646                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        33863533.856182                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows            7309    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value          130000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value       360199000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total                7309                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                 23078                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             7111028.252015                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            8800064.387021                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows               23078    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value              107000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value           100979000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                   23078                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples        16410                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.007861                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.088316                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0            16281     99.21%     99.21% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1              129      0.79%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total        16410                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples        16410                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0           16410    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total        16410                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples             16410                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean             0.960512                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            1.403669                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-1                 13395     81.63%     81.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::2-3                  1944     11.85%     93.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::4-5                   738      4.50%     97.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::6-7                   247      1.51%     99.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8-9                    71      0.43%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::10-11                   8      0.05%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::12-13                   4      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::14-15                   2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-17                   0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::18-19                   0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::20-21                   0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::22-23                   1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::24-25                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total               16410                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples            16410                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.445155                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           1.018661                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                  11946     72.80%     72.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                   3168     19.31%     92.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                    674      4.11%     96.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                    244      1.49%     97.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                    147      0.90%     98.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                     87      0.53%     99.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                     61      0.37%     99.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                     32      0.20%     99.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                     31      0.19%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                     12      0.07%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     2      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     4      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     2      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total              16410                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples        63003                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean             256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15               0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        63003    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total          63003                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        29470                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean     255.991347                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.951835                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev      1.485423                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15              1      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        29469    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         29470                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples          16410                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      98184814.137721                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean                0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     118372055.330602                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08        14460     88.12%     88.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08          409      2.49%     90.61% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08          402      2.45%     93.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08         1074      6.54%     99.60% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08           27      0.16%     99.77% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08           12      0.07%     99.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08           15      0.09%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            1      0.01%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            3      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            2      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            2      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total            16410                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         98207881.246672      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                   16116736                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         16410                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     45939597.806216                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    79278080.738139                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07        13664     83.27%     83.27% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08         1525      9.29%     92.56% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08          249      1.52%     94.08% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08          365      2.22%     96.30% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08          311      1.90%     98.20% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08          127      0.77%     98.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08          121      0.74%     99.71% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08           22      0.13%     99.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08           12      0.07%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08            4      0.02%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            2      0.01%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            2      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            2      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total           16410                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        45970017.727980      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp2.system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                 7544065                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples            62956                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        104572.082089                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       104273.433130                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev        9742.671870                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-16383                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            1      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            2      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687        61501     97.69%     97.69% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          363      0.58%     98.27% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          264      0.42%     98.69% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          276      0.44%     99.13% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          267      0.42%     99.55% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607          137      0.22%     99.77% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            2      0.00%     99.77% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%     99.77% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759          141      0.22%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total              62956                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples               1                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean              20000                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20000.000000                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev               nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-1023                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total                 1                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples                63003                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            2604778.637525                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           2626909.838611                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                    63      0.10%      0.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000                52      0.08%      0.18% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000               42      0.07%      0.25% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000               63      0.10%      0.35% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000               43      0.07%      0.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000               49      0.08%      0.50% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000               51      0.08%      0.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000               46      0.07%      0.65% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000               59      0.09%      0.74% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000               49      0.08%      0.82% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000               49      0.08%      0.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000               43      0.07%      0.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000               52      0.08%      1.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000               55      0.09%      1.14% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000               69      0.11%      1.25% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000               67      0.11%      1.35% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000               63      0.10%      1.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000              107      0.17%      1.62% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000               39      0.06%      1.68% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000              44      0.07%      1.75% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows              61898     98.25%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value           27582500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                  63003                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples              29470                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          5568658.856464                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         9508500.689839                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            486      1.65%      1.65% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000              5      0.02%      1.67% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             27      0.09%      1.76% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             12      0.04%      1.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             17      0.06%      1.86% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             90      0.31%      2.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             14      0.05%      2.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             18      0.06%      2.27% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             13      0.04%      2.31% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000              7      0.02%      2.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             18      0.06%      2.40% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             25      0.08%      2.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             11      0.04%      2.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             18      0.06%      2.58% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             21      0.07%      2.65% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             12      0.04%      2.69% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            11      0.04%      2.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            28665     97.27%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            16500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value        191974500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                29470                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                  92473                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              1774662.620441                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             2444279.137021                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                      84      0.09%      0.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  70      0.08%      0.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 65      0.07%      0.24% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000                684      0.74%      0.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000                161      0.17%      1.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000                160      0.17%      1.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000                127      0.14%      1.46% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000                128      0.14%      1.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000                283      0.31%      1.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000                166      0.18%      2.08% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000                141      0.15%      2.24% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000                134      0.14%      2.38% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000                145      0.16%      2.54% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000                173      0.19%      2.73% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000                148      0.16%      2.89% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000                170      0.18%      3.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000                146      0.16%      3.23% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000                180      0.19%      3.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 97      0.10%      3.53% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000               111      0.12%      3.65% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows                89100     96.35%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value             27469000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                    92473                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples        16410                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.037965                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.192388                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0             15791     96.23%     96.23% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1               615      3.75%     99.98% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2                 4      0.02%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total         16410                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples        16410                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0            16410    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total        16410                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples              16410                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean              3.838087                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean                    0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev             4.625000                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-7                  14619     89.09%     89.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::8-15                   659      4.02%     93.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::16-23                 1083      6.60%     99.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::24-31                   23      0.14%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-39                   16      0.10%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::40-47                    2      0.01%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::48-55                    5      0.03%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::56-63                    1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-71                    1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::72-79                    0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::80-87                    1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::88-95                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::96-103                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::104-111                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::112-119                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::120-127                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-135                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::136-143                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::144-151                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::152-159                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                16410                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples             16410                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             1.794516                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            3.096800                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-3                 14737     89.80%     89.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4-7                   701      4.27%     94.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8-11                  476      2.90%     96.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12-15                 327      1.99%     98.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-19                 140      0.85%     99.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::20-23                  15      0.09%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::24-27                   5      0.03%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::28-31                   3      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-35                   2      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::36-39                   0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::40-43                   2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::44-47                   1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::48-51                   1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::52-55                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::56-59                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::60-63                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::64-67                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::68-71                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::72-75                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::76-79                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total               16410                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp2.system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp2.system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp2.system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp2.system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    19820389                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      2804                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                   14450583                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     1558                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                19823193                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses               14452141                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         34270972                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.misses                           4362                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     34275334                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    87089893                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         9                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                87089902                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.hits                         87089893                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.misses                              9                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     87089902                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.numCycles                       327911595                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp2.system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp2.system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.committedInsts                   78567893                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.committedOps                     87134708                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             74009997                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    2056815                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      9102130                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    74009997                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          133290714                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          49191223                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           323536319                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           48062327                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     34677030                       # number of memory refs
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   19824455                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  14852575                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              323567.909291                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              327588027.090709                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.999013                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000987                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.Branches                         12380392                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 52871612     60.39%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     514      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 8      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                19824455     22.64%     83.04% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               14852575     16.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.op_class::total                  87549165                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      21                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            31657                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           88058435                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            31657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          2781.641817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        174211443                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       174211443                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst     87058236                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       87058236                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst     87058236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        87058236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst     87058236                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       87058236                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst        31657                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        31657                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst        31657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         31657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst        31657                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        31657                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    528587962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    528587962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    528587962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    528587962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    528587962                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    528587962                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     87089893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     87089893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     87089893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     87089893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     87089893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     87089893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 16697.348517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16697.348517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 16697.348517                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16697.348517                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 16697.348517                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16697.348517                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        31657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        31657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        31657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        31657                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        31657                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    465236038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    465236038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    465236038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    465236038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    465236038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    465236038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14696.150551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14696.150551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14696.150551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14696.150551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14696.150551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14696.150551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry              1453                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            61054                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          230.911510                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           24321901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            61054                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           398.367036                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   230.911510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.901998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.901998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         69209772                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        69209772                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data     18168872                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       18168872                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data     13096545                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      13096545                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         7804                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         7804                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data       888385                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       888385                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data       545593                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       545593                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data     31265417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        31265417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data     31273221                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       31273221                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       567620                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       567620                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       290395                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       290395                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         1459                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1459                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       186212                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       186212                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       459241                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       459241                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data       858015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        858015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data       859474                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       859474                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   5770944037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5770944037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   9861868997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9861868997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  10359628499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total  10359628499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   9978829000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total   9978829000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    336619000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total    336619000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  15632813034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15632813034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  15632813034                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15632813034                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data     18736492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18736492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data     13386940                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     13386940                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         9263                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         9263                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      1074597                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1074597                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      1004834                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1004834                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data     32123432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     32123432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data     32132695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     32132695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.030295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.030295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.021692                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021692                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.157508                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.157508                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.173285                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.173285                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.457032                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.457032                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.026710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.026748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 10166.914550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10166.914550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 33960.188698                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33960.188698                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 55633.517169                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55633.517169                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 21728.959305                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21728.959305                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 18219.743284                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18219.743284                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 18188.814361                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18188.814361                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22348                       # number of writebacks
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            22348                       # number of writebacks
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data         1454                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1454                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       567620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       567620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       290394                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       290394                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1459                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1459                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       184758                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       184758                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       452058                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total       452058                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       858014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       858014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       859473                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       859473                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   4635244957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4635244957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   9281021503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9281021503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     11896500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11896500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   9978810501                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9978810501                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   9083925000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9083925000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    327407000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    327407000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  13916266460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13916266460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  13928162960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13928162960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      1185000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1185000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       787500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       787500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      1972500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1972500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.030295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.021692                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021692                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.157508                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.157508                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.171932                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.171932                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.449883                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.449883                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.026710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.026748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  8166.105770                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8166.105770                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 31960.100770                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31960.100770                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  8153.872515                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8153.872515                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54010.167359                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54010.167359                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 20094.600693                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20094.600693                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 16219.160130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16219.160130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 16205.468886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16205.468886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry             13205                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    19833738                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      2803                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                   14466290                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     1554                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                19836541                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses               14467844                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         34300028                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.misses                           4357                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     34304385                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    87150624                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                        10                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                87150634                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.hits                         87150624                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.misses                             10                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     87150634                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.numCycles                       328216549                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp2.system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp2.system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.committedInsts                   78623960                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.committedOps                     87203245                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             74072170                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    2059688                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      9108464                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    74072170                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          133413479                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          49231742                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           323790785                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           48085006                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     34707394                       # number of memory refs
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   19838123                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  14869271                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              21782.992394                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              328194766.007606                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.999934                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.000066                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.Branches                         12389940                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    4      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 52911092     60.39%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     624      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                30      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                19838123     22.64%     83.03% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               14869271     16.97%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.op_class::total                  87619144                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements            32481                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           88114050                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs            32481                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          2712.787476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        174333729                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       174333729                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst     87118143                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       87118143                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst     87118143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        87118143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst     87118143                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       87118143                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst        32481                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        32481                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst        32481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total         32481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst        32481                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total        32481                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    517465958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    517465958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    517465958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    517465958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    517465958                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    517465958                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     87150624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     87150624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     87150624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     87150624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     87150624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     87150624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15931.343185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15931.343185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15931.343185                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15931.343185                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15931.343185                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15931.343185                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        32481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        32481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        32481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        32481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    452462042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    452462042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    452462042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    452462042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    452462042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    452462042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 13930.052708                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13930.052708                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 13930.052708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13930.052708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 13930.052708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13930.052708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry              1180                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements            61591                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          230.300648                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           31302708                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            61591                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           508.235099                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   230.300648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.899612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.899612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.933594                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         69267405                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        69267405                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data     18178454                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       18178454                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data     13114493                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      13114493                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         8163                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         8163                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data       889954                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       889954                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data       544678                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       544678                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data     31292947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        31292947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data     31301110                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       31301110                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       569523                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       569523                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       286693                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       286693                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         1249                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1249                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       186346                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       186346                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       460526                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       460526                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data       856216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        856216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data       857465                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       857465                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   5783054544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5783054544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   9677596494                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9677596494                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  10404134500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total  10404134500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  10062256000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total  10062256000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    355377500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total    355377500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  15460651038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15460651038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  15460651038                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15460651038                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data     18747977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18747977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data     13401186                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     13401186                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         9412                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         9412                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      1076300                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1076300                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      1005204                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1005204                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data     32149163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     32149163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data     32158575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     32158575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.030378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.030378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.021393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.132703                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.132703                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.173136                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.173136                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.458142                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.458142                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.026633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.026664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 10154.207194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10154.207194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 33755.956699                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33755.956699                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 55832.346817                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55832.346817                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 21849.485154                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21849.485154                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 18056.951795                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18056.951795                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 18030.649692                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18030.649692                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22572                       # number of writebacks
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            22572                       # number of writebacks
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data         1220                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1220                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       569523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       569523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       286693                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       286693                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1249                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1249                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       185126                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       185126                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       453389                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total       453389                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       856216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       856216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       857465                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       857465                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   4643560448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4643560448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   9104204506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9104204506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     11049000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11049000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  10023947500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10023947500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   9165292000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9165292000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    345563500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    345563500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  13747764954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13747764954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  13758813954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13758813954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      1598500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1598500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       858500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       858500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      2457000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2457000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.030378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.021393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.132703                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.132703                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.172002                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.172002                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.451042                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451042                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.026633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.026664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8153.420403                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8153.420403                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 31755.935813                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31755.935813                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8846.277022                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8846.277022                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54146.621760                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54146.621760                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 20215.073590                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20215.073590                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 16056.421457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16056.421457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 16045.919022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16045.919022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry             12508                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp2.system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp2.system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          206.663252                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   206.663252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.807278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.807278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          205                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          205                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.800781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp2.system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp2.system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          156.000100                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   156.000100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.609375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.609375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.609375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp2.system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp2.system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          185.000100                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   185.000100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.722657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.722657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.722656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp2.system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp2.system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          176.022048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   176.022048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.687586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.687586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp2.system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp2.system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          179.000100                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   179.000100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.699219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.699219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.699219                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        5480                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         1                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       4673                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    5481                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   4673                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.hits                            10153                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              1                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                        10154                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                       24172                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                   24172                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.hits                            24172                       # DTB hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.itb.accesses                        24172                       # DTB accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.numCycles                       328216777                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp2.system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp2.system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.committedInsts                      23878                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.committedOps                        28576                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                26552                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_func_calls                       1715                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         2723                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       26552                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              47362                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes             18107                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads              105660                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes              10175                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                        11130                       # number of memory refs
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       5684                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      5446                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              328055363.990690                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              161413.009310                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.000492                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.999508                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.Branches                             4511                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                    18401     62.07%     62.07% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      99      0.33%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                14      0.05%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    5684     19.17%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   5446     18.37%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.op_class::total                     29644                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp2.system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              519                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs              19790                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs            38.131021                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            48863                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           48863                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst        23653                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          23653                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst        23653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total           23653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst        23653                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total          23653                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          519                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          519                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          519                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           519                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          519                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          519                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     22186987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22186987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     22186987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     22186987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     22186987                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     22186987                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        24172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        24172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        24172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        24172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        24172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        24172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.021471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.021471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.021471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 42749.493256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42749.493256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 42749.493256                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42749.493256                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 42749.493256                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42749.493256                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     21137013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21137013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     21137013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     21137013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     21137013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     21137013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.021471                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021471                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.021471                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021471                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.021471                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021471                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 40726.421965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40726.421965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 40726.421965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40726.421965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 40726.421965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40726.421965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                44                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              204                       # number of replacements
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          226.520350                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs               6050                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              204                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            29.656863                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   226.520350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.884845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.884845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          227                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.886719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            20569                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses           20569                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         5066                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           5066                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         4519                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          4519                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           56                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           56                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           75                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           75                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           73                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           73                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data         9585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total            9585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data         9641                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total           9641                       # number of overall hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          242                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          242                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           57                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           57                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           14                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           14                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           20                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           20                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          313                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          313                       # number of overall misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      5903998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5903998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1934500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1934500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       509500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       509500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       492000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       492000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      7838498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      7838498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      7838498                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      7838498                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         5308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         4576                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         4576                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           70                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           93                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           93                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data         9884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total         9884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data         9954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total         9954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.045592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.012456                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012456                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.200000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.200000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.218750                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.218750                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.215054                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.215054                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.030251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.031445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 24396.685950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24396.685950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 33938.596491                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33938.596491                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 24261.904762                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24261.904762                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        24600                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        24600                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 26215.712375                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26215.712375                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 25043.124601                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25043.124601                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           82                       # number of writebacks
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               82                       # number of writebacks
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           14                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           19                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      5418002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5418002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1820500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1820500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       359000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       359000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       139500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       139500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       454000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       454000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      7238502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7238502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      7597502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7597502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       192500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       192500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       136000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       136000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       328500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       328500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.045592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.012456                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012456                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.204301                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.204301                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.030251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.031445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 22388.438017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22388.438017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 31938.596491                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31938.596491                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 25642.857143                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25642.857143                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 17437.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17437.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 23894.736842                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23894.736842                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 24209.036789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24209.036789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 24273.169329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24273.169329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp2.system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                34                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.offload_kernel 164108377000 # Number of ticks simulated [timestamp2_sim_ticks]
