timestamp4.sim_seconds                                  0.084567                       # Number of seconds simulated
timestamp4.sim_ticks                                 84566936000                       # Number of ticks simulated
timestamp4.final_tick                               3865576320500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
timestamp4.sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
timestamp4.host_inst_rate                                5779367                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
timestamp4.host_op_rate                                  6488232                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
timestamp4.host_tick_rate                              671335475                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
timestamp4.host_mem_usage                                1643396                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
timestamp4.host_seconds                                   125.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
timestamp4.sim_insts                                   728016513                       # Number of instructions simulated
timestamp4.sim_ops                                     817311054                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
timestamp4.system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.voltage_domain.voltage               1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.clk_domain.clock                   500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::total            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::total            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data           12                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::total           12                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           12                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::total           12                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       248576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         6400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       247040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.itb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       260608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data       256256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::total          1037312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::total        20992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::writebacks       484352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::total        484352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          965                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         1018                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         1001                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::total              4052                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::writebacks         1892                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::total             1892                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        45408                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2939399                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        75680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2921236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.itb.walker         6054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        66598                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      3081677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        27245                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        45408                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      3030215                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        15136                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         9082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::total            12266165                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        45408                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        75680                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        66598                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        45408                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        15136                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::total         248229                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::writebacks       5727439                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::total            5727439                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::writebacks       5727439                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        45408                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2939399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        75680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2921236                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.itb.walker         6054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        66598                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      3081677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        27245                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        45408                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      3030215                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        15136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         9082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::total           17993604                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                      4052                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                     1892                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                   32416                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                  15136                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM              1036832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ                   480                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten                484352                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys               1037312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys             484352                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                   15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          188                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0            2104                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1            2008                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2            1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3            2024                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4            2152                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5            2033                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6            2096                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7            2136                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::8            2056                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::9            1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::10           1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::11           1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::12           1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::13           1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::14           1936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::15           2000                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0             945                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1             960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2             928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3             960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4             984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5             944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6            1007                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7            1008                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::8             904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::9             912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::10            920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::11            928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::12            952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::13            912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::14            904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::15            968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                 86062929000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5               32416                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5              15136                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0                  4038                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1                  4038                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2                  4040                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3                  4040                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4                  4040                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5                  4040                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6                  4040                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7                  4041                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                  628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                  628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                  628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                  628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                  629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                  630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                  630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                  630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                  630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                  630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                  630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                  630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                  631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                  631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                  631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                  634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                  634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                  634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                  634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                  634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                  632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                  631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                  631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                  628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::samples         6561                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.852462                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::gmean   208.115858                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::stdev    64.906895                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::32-63          603      9.19%      9.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::64-95            6      0.09%      9.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::96-127            7      0.11%      9.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.09%      9.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::160-191            7      0.11%      9.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::192-223            7      0.11%      9.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::224-255          600      9.14%     18.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5325     81.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::total         6561                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::samples          631                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.285261                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    45.258860                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.216881                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            2      0.32%      0.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           17      2.69%      3.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          118     18.70%     21.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           78     12.36%     34.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           74     11.73%     45.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           83     13.15%     58.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           64     10.14%     69.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           46      7.29%     76.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           46      7.29%     83.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           37      5.86%     89.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           21      3.33%     92.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            7      1.11%     93.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::104-107           14      2.22%     96.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            9      1.43%     97.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            7      1.11%     98.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            4      0.63%     99.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            2      0.32%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            1      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::total          631                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::samples          631                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.987322                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.980189                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.598806                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.16%      0.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::20              4      0.63%      0.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.16%      0.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::24            623     98.73%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::32              2      0.32%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::total          631                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat                  837579150                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat            1386776100                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat                103683200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                   25850.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat              42800.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                      12.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       5.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                   12.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    5.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     8.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                    31.06                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits                  28344                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                 12632                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate               87.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate              83.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                 14478958.45                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                  86.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::IDLE  81196585200                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::REF    1837935000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT    1530042300                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::0          1954713.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::1          1922659.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::2          1937779.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::3          2033942.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::4          1975881.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::5          1921449.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::6          1919635.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::7               1974672                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::0               1318656                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::1               1297032                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::2               1307232                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::3               1372104                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::4               1332936                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::5               1296216                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::6               1294992                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::7               1332120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::0         7368691.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::1              7208448                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::2         7364697.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::3         7668710.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::4         7305292.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::5         7160524.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::6         7117593.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::7         7208947.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::0        3540464.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::1        3443834.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::2        3473694.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::3        3606405.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::4        3523461.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::5        3470376.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::6        3440517.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::7        3563274.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::0      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::1      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::2      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::3      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::4      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::5      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::6      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::7      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::0      1196520926.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::1      1199539336.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::2        1194165504                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::3      1203196219.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::4      1203317752.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::5      1199432194.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::6      1198850192.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::7      1205959469.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::0       54394026672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::1      54391378944.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::2       54396092832                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::3       54388171152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::4      54388064544.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::5       54391472928                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::6       54391983456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::7       54385747248                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::0        59542372501.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::1        59542432632.000008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::2        59541984117.120003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::3        59543690910.719994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::4        59543162245.440010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::5        59542396067.519997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::6        59542248764.159996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::7        59543428108.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::0          64.435605                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::1          64.435671                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::2          64.435185                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::3          64.437032                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::4          64.436460                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::5          64.435631                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::6          64.435472                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::7          64.436748                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       248576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         7936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       256512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         7936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       244480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         6400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data       242432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::total          1018880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         7936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         6400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::total        26880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::writebacks       475392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::total        475392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1002                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          955                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          947                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::total              3980                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::writebacks         1857                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::total             1857                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        42381                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2939399                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        93843                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3033242                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        93843                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      2890964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        75680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2866747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        12109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::total            12048208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        42381                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        93843                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        93843                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        75680                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        12109                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::total         317855                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::writebacks       5621488                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::total            5621488                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::writebacks       5621488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        42381                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2939399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        93843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3033242                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        93843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      2890964                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        75680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2866747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        12109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::total           17669695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                      3980                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                     1857                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                   31840                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                  14856                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM              1018656                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ                   224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                475392                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys               1018880                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys             475392                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                    7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          198                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0            1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1            1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2            2008                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3            2033                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4            2000                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5            2016                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6            2008                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7            1968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::8            2032                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::9            1920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::10           1928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::11           2032                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::12           1912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::13           2008                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::14           2008                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::15           2008                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0             928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1             953                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2             896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3             968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4             952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5             952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6             936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7             976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::8             903                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::9             920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::10            920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::11            920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::12            912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::13            896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::14            912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::15            912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                 86083842000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5               31840                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5              14856                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0                  3974                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1                  3973                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2                  3973                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3                  3973                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4                  3973                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5                  3973                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6                  3973                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7                  3974                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                  621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::samples         6458                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.348405                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::gmean   207.286334                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::stdev    65.446194                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::32-63          602      9.32%      9.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::64-95            9      0.14%      9.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::96-127            9      0.14%      9.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::128-159            5      0.08%      9.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::160-191            9      0.14%      9.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::192-223            9      0.14%      9.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::224-255          597      9.24%     19.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5218     80.80%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::total         6458                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::samples          617                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.554295                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    44.788947                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    28.238273                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            5      0.81%      0.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           21      3.40%      4.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          110     17.83%     22.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           87     14.10%     36.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           74     11.99%     48.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           65     10.53%     58.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           56      9.08%     67.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           59      9.56%     77.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           38      6.16%     83.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           31      5.02%     88.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           20      3.24%     91.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::96-99           11      1.78%     93.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            8      1.30%     94.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            9      1.46%     96.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            8      1.30%     97.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            2      0.32%     97.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            6      0.97%     98.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            4      0.65%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            1      0.16%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            1      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::176-179            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::total          617                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::samples          617                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.077796                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.063346                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.895756                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.16%      0.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.16%      0.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::24            608     98.54%     98.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::32              7      1.13%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::total          617                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat                  827621550                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat            1367190900                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat                101865600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                   25998.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat              42948.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                      12.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       5.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                   12.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    5.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     8.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                    31.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits                  27838                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                 12393                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate               87.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate              83.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                 14747959.91                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                  86.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::IDLE  81222295800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::REF    1837935000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT    1504331700                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::0          1882137.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::1          1882137.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::2          1917820.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::3          1849478.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::4          1876694.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::5               1877904                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::6          1889395.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::7          1891209.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::0               1269696                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::1               1269696                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::2          1293768.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::3               1247664                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::4               1266024                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::5               1266840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::6               1274592                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::7               1275816                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::0         7045209.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::1              7053696                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::2         7204454.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::3              6888960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::4         6858508.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::5         6936883.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::6         7056691.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::7         7032729.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::0        3474109.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::1        3384115.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::2        3404021.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::3        3364208.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::4             3400704                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::5        3357573.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::6        3384115.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::7        3324395.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::0      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::1      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::2      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::3      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::4      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::5      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::6      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::7      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::0      1192009754.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::1      1197564108.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::2      1197767776.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::3      1196677042.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::4      1200765064.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::5      1198001594.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::6      1197747311.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::7      1205003784.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::0       54397983840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::1       54393111600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::2      54392932944.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::3       54393889728                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::4      54390303744.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::5       54392727840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::6       54392950896                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::7       54386585568                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::0        59541307125.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::1        59541907730.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::2        59542163162.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::3        59541559459.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::4        59542113117.120010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::5        59541811012.799995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::6        59541945378.239998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::7        59542755881.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::0          64.434453                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::1          64.435103                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::2          64.435379                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::3          64.434726                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::4          64.435325                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::5          64.434998                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::6          64.435143                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::7          64.436020                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       243456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         8704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       241920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         7168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       269056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data       240896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::total          1021440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         8704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         7168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::total        26112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::writebacks       475904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::total        475904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          951                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         1051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          941                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::total              3990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::writebacks         1859                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::total             1859                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        45408                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2878856                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       102924                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2860693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        84761                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      3181574                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        54489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2848584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        21190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::total            12078479                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        45408                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       102924                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        84761                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        54489                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        21190                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::total         308773                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::writebacks       5627542                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::total            5627542                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::writebacks       5627542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        45408                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2878856                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       102924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2860693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        84761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      3181574                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        54489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2848584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        21190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::total           17706022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                      3990                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                     1859                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                   31920                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                  14872                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM              1021184                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                476160                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys               1021440                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys             475904                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          340                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0            1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1            1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2            2040                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3            2032                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4            2008                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5            2024                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6            1992                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7            2016                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::8            2088                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::9            1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::10           2000                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::11           1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::12           1992                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::13           1992                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::14           1912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::15           1952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0             903                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1             960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2             960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3             936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4             920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5             936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6             952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7             944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::8             905                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::9             920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::10            960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::11            920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::12            904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::13            912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::14            920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::15            928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                 86046498000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5               31920                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5              14872                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0                  3985                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1                  3986                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2                  3986                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3                  3986                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4                  3986                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5                  3987                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6                  3987                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7                  3988                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                  625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                  626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                  626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                  625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                  625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                  625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                  625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::samples         6458                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.858780                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::gmean   208.075303                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::stdev    64.945165                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::32-63          595      9.21%      9.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::64-95            7      0.11%      9.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::96-127            6      0.09%      9.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.03%      9.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::160-191            7      0.11%      9.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::192-223            7      0.11%      9.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::224-255          592      9.17%     18.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5242     81.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::total         6458                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::samples          617                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.708266                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    44.531085                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.796591                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            6      0.97%      0.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           22      3.57%      4.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          117     18.96%     23.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           68     11.02%     34.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           89     14.42%     48.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           71     11.51%     60.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           62     10.05%     70.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           43      6.97%     77.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           33      5.35%     82.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           29      4.70%     87.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           22      3.57%     91.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::96-99           14      2.27%     93.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::104-107           11      1.78%     95.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            6      0.97%     96.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.16%     96.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            4      0.65%     96.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            3      0.49%     97.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            6      0.97%     98.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            2      0.32%     98.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            3      0.49%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            4      0.65%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::176-179            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::total          617                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::samples          617                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.116694                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.097525                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.044154                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.16%      0.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.16%      0.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::24            605     98.06%     98.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::32             10      1.62%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::total          617                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat                  825619000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat            1366527400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat                102118400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                   25871.74                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat              42821.74                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                      12.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       5.63                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                   12.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    5.63                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                    31.20                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits                  27914                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                 12420                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate              83.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                 14711317.83                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                  86.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::IDLE  81242566050                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::REF    1837935000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT    1484061450                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::0          1866412.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::1          1916006.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::2          1891814.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::3               1917216                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::4               1890000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::5          1867622.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::6          1908748.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::7          1851897.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::0          1259088.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::1               1292544                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::2               1276224                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::3               1293360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::4               1275000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::5               1259904                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::6          1287648.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::7               1249296                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::0         6940876.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::1         7176499.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::2         7176499.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::3         7176998.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::4         7037721.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::5         6953356.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::6         7192473.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::7         6785126.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::0             3400704                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::1        3433881.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::2        3357573.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::3        3423928.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::4        3377894.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::5        3377479.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::6        3347619.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::7        3350937.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::0      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::1      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::2      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::3      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::4      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::5      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::6      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::7      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::0      1194910188.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::1      1197902004.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::2      1195452354.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::3      1197631851.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::4      1197381398.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::5      1194698640.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::6      1200385635.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::7      1200542736.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::0       54395439600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::1       54392815200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::2       54394964016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::3       54393052176                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::4       54393271872                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::5       54395625168                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::6       54390636576                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::7       54390498768                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::0        59541459247.680000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::1        59542178513.280006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::2        59541760858.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::3        59542137908.159996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::4         59541876264                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::5        59541424549.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::6        59542401079.679993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::7        59541921140.159996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::0          64.434617                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::1          64.435396                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::2          64.434944                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::3          64.435352                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::4          64.435068                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::5          64.434580                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::6          64.435636                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::7          64.435117                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         6656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       255232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         5888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       246016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu2.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       244736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data       250112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total          1022464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         6656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         5888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         6144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::total        23808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::writebacks       475392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total        475392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          997                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          956                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          977                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total              3994                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::writebacks         1857                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total             1857                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        18163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        78707                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      3018106                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        69625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2909128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu2.itb.walker         3027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        72653                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      2893992                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         6054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        54489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2957563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         6054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total            12090588                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        78707                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        69625                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        72653                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        54489                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         6054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::total         281528                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::writebacks       5621488                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total            5621488                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::writebacks       5621488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        18163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        78707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3018106                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        69625                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2909128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu2.itb.walker         3027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        72653                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      2893992                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         6054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        54489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2957563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         6054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total           17712076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                      3994                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                     1857                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                   31952                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                  14856                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM              1022240                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                   224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten                475136                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys               1022464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys             475392                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                    7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           87                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0            1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1            2008                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2            2008                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3            2104                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4            2064                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5            2016                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6            1968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7            2048                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::8            2040                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::9            1952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::10           1944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::11           2001                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::12           2008                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::13           1936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::14           1920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::15           1968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0             896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1             936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2             920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3             969                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4             992                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5             928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6             944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7             912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::8             903                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::9             928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::10            928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::11            936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::12            936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::13            896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::14            920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::15            904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                 86082789000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5               31952                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5              14856                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0                  3986                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1                  3985                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2                  3986                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3                  3986                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4                  3986                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5                  3986                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6                  3987                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7                  3988                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                  628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                  628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                  628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                  626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                  626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                  626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                  626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                  625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::samples         6461                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.756075                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::gmean   208.000666                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::stdev    64.988572                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::32-63          592      9.16%      9.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::64-95           12      0.19%      9.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::96-127            5      0.08%      9.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.09%      9.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::160-191            6      0.09%      9.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::192-223           13      0.20%      9.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::224-255          586      9.07%     18.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5241     81.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::total         6461                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::samples          614                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::mean    52.001629                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    44.818561                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.986212                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            6      0.98%      0.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           25      4.07%      5.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           98     15.96%     21.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           90     14.66%     35.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           78     12.70%     48.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           65     10.59%     58.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           71     11.56%     70.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           36      5.86%     76.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           41      6.68%     83.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           36      5.86%     88.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           12      1.95%     90.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::96-99           14      2.28%     93.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            6      0.98%     94.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::112-115           11      1.79%     95.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            5      0.81%     96.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            5      0.81%     97.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            3      0.49%     98.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            2      0.33%     98.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            1      0.16%     98.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            4      0.65%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            1      0.16%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::176-179            2      0.33%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            1      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::208-211            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::total          614                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::samples          614                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.182410                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.151984                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.344174                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.16%      0.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.16%      0.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::24            598     97.39%     97.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::32             13      2.12%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::40              1      0.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::total          614                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  828134950                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat            1369602700                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                102224000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                   25923.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat              42873.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                      12.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       5.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                   12.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    5.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     8.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                    31.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits                  27940                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                 12392                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate               87.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate              83.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                 14712491.71                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                  86.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::IDLE  81200393200                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::REF    1837935000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT    1526234300                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::0          1895443.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::1          1900886.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::2          1898467.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::3               1893024                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::4          1879718.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::5          1860364.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::6          1888185.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::7               1853712                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::0               1278672                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::1               1282344                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::2               1280712                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::3               1277040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::4               1268064                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::5               1255008                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::6               1273776                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::7               1250520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::0              7081152                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::1         7180492.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::2         7012761.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::3         7049203.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::4         6924902.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::5              6886464                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::6         7033228.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::7         6833049.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::0        3423928.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::1        3387847.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::2        3407339.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::3        3420610.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::4        3374161.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::5        3377479.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::6        3374161.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::7        3357573.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::0      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::1      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::2      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::3      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::4      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::5      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::6      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::7      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::0      1196872611.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::1      1196090608.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::2      1202301547.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::3      1198972984.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::4      1203531652.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::5      1197191793.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::6      1197197265.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::7      1199722155.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::0       54393718176                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::1      54394404144.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::2       54388955952                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::3      54391875744.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::4       54387876912                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::5       54393438192                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::6       54393433392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::7       54391218576                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::0        59541912360.959999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::1        59541888700.800011                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::2        59542499157.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::3        59542130983.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::4        59542497789.120003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::5        59541651679.680000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::6        59541842387.519997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::7        59541877964.159996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::0          64.435108                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::1          64.435082                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::2          64.435743                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::3          64.435344                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::4          64.435741                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::5          64.434825                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::6          64.435032                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::7          64.435070                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       242688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         6400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       258560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         7424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       240896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         7424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data       251648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total          1021952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         7424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         7424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::total        26624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::writebacks       475392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total        475392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          948                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1010                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          941                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          983                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total              3992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::writebacks         1857                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total             1857                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        39353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2869774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        75680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3057460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         9082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        87788                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      2848584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        87788                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2975726                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        24218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         3027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total            12084534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        39353                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        75680                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        87788                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        87788                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        24218                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::total         314828                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::writebacks       5621488                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total            5621488                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::writebacks       5621488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        39353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2869774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        75680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3057460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         9082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        87788                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      2848584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        87788                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2975726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        24218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         3027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total           17706022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                      3992                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                     1857                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                   31936                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                  14856                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM              1021952                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                475456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys               1021952                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys             475392                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          424                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0            1936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1            1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2            2056                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3            2072                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4            2032                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5            2048                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6            2008                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7            2080                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::8            1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::9            1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::10           1936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::11           2016                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::12           1896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::13           1968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::14           1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::15           1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0             945                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1             944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2             920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3             976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4             952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5             952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6             936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7             944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::8             928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::9             928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::10            920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::11            928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::12            897                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::13            880                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::14            912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::15            896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                 84560659000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5               31936                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5              14856                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0                  3987                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1                  3987                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2                  3988                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3                  3988                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4                  3988                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5                  3988                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6                  3988                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7                  3989                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                  612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                  614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                  620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                  629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                  628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                  627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                  627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                  626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                  626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                  626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                  613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::samples         6460                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.826625                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::gmean   208.134710                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::stdev    64.899772                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::32-63          589      9.12%      9.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::64-95           15      0.23%      9.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::96-127            4      0.06%      9.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.06%      9.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::160-191            4      0.06%      9.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::192-223           17      0.26%      9.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::224-255          585      9.06%     18.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5242     81.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::total         6460                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::samples          614                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.947883                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    44.698696                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.757430                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            7      1.14%      1.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           28      4.56%      5.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           95     15.47%     21.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           95     15.47%     36.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           73     11.89%     48.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           58      9.45%     57.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           53      8.63%     66.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           53      8.63%     75.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           53      8.63%     83.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           33      5.37%     89.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           18      2.93%     92.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::96-99           11      1.79%     93.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            8      1.30%     95.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            3      0.49%     95.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            7      1.14%     96.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            5      0.81%     97.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            2      0.33%     98.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            3      0.49%     98.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            2      0.33%     98.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            4      0.65%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::176-179            1      0.16%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::192-195            1      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::216-219            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::total          614                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::samples          615                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.169106                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.141236                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.251978                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.16%      0.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::23              2      0.33%      0.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::24            597     97.07%     97.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::25              1      0.16%     97.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::32             13      2.11%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::33              1      0.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::total          615                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  831741900                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat            1373057100                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                102195200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                   26044.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat              42994.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                      12.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       5.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                   12.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    5.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     8.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                    31.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits                  27934                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                 12401                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate              83.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                 14457284.84                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                  86.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::IDLE  81204253100                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::REF    1837935000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT    1521632900                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::0          1895443.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::1          1895443.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::2          1918425.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::3          1902700.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::4               1865808                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::5          1900886.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::6          1875484.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::7          1887580.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::0               1278672                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::1               1278672                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::2               1294176                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::3          1283568.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::4               1258680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::5               1282344                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::6          1265208.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::7          1273368.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::0         7080652.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::1         7192473.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::2         7120588.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::3         7145548.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::4         6892953.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::5         7057190.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::6              7001280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::7              6928896                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::0        3463741.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::1        3357573.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::2        3420610.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::3        3440517.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::4        3374161.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::5        3410657.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::6        3391165.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::7        3350937.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::0      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::1      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::2      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::3      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::4      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::5      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::6      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::7      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::0      1196779423.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::1      1197894343.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::2      1201765345.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::3      1195991182.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::4      1200807527.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::5      1200038054.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::6      1196044643.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::7      1201672869.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::0       54393799920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::1       54392821920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::2      54389426304.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::3       54394491360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::4       54390266496                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::5       54390941472                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::6      54394444464.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::7      54389507424.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::0        59541940230.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::1        59542082803.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::2        59542587828.480003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::3        59541897254.400002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::4        59542108004.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::5        59542272982.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::6        59541664623.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::7        59542263453.120010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::0          64.435138                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::1          64.435292                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::2          64.435838                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::3          64.435091                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::4          64.435319                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::5          64.435498                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::6          64.434839                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::7          64.435487                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         5888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       238336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         7680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       259840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        10752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       256512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data       252160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::total          1039616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         5888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        10752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         6144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::total        31744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::writebacks       480256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::total        480256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          931                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         1002                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          985                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::total              4061                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::writebacks         1876                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::total             1876                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        69625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2818312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        90816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3072596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       127142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      3033242                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        72653                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2981780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        15136                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        12109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::total            12293410                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        69625                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        90816                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       127142                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        72653                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        15136                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::total         375371                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::writebacks       5679004                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::total            5679004                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::writebacks       5679004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        69625                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2818312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        90816                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3072596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       127142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      3033242                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        72653                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2981780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        15136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        12109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::total           17972414                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                      4061                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                     1876                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                   32488                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                  15008                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM              1038592                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ                  1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten                480768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys               1039616                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys             480256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                   32                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          119                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0            1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1            2048                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2            2216                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3            1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4            2096                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5            2040                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6            2008                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7            2000                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::8            2040                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::9            2000                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::10           2024                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::11           2000                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::12           2048                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::13           1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::14           1936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::15           2056                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0             904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1             961                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2             992                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3             984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4            1024                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5             920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6             968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7             920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::8             904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::9             895                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::10            968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::11            920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::12            952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::13            904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::14            912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::15            896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                 86060924000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5               32488                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5              15008                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0                  4045                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1                  4045                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2                  4045                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3                  4048                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4                  4048                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5                  4049                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6                  4050                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7                  4051                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                  621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                  621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                  621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                  621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                  621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                  624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                  624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                  624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                  624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                  624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                  631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                  632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                  632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                  631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                  631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                  631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                  630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                  630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::samples         6563                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.503885                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::gmean   207.450294                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::stdev    65.348918                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::32-63          613      9.34%      9.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::64-95            8      0.12%      9.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::96-127            6      0.09%      9.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.03%      9.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::160-191            7      0.11%      9.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::192-223            8      0.12%      9.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::224-255          610      9.29%     19.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5309     80.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::total         6563                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::samples          624                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::mean    52.012821                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.994967                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             2      0.32%      0.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            1      0.16%      0.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           30      4.81%      5.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          106     16.99%     22.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           89     14.26%     36.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           81     12.98%     49.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           70     11.22%     60.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           43      6.89%     67.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           50      8.01%     75.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           45      7.21%     82.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           18      2.88%     85.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           21      3.37%     89.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::96-99           25      4.01%     93.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::104-107           15      2.40%     95.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            7      1.12%     96.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            2      0.32%     96.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            4      0.64%     97.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            3      0.48%     98.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            3      0.48%     98.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            3      0.48%     99.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            2      0.32%     99.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            2      0.32%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::176-179            1      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::216-219            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::total          624                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::samples          624                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.076923                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.058874                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.986512                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.16%      0.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.16%      0.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.16%      0.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::24            613     98.24%     98.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::32              8      1.28%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::total          624                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat                  844830900                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat            1394960100                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat                103859200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                   26030.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat              42980.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                      12.28                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       5.69                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                   12.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    5.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     8.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                    31.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits                  28389                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                 12528                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate              83.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                 14495692.10                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                  86.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::IDLE  81191105450                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::REF    1837935000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT    1535522050                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::0          1904515.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::1          1910563.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::2          1930521.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::3          1903910.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::4               1893024                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::5          1912982.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::6               1886976                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::7          1873065.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::0               1284792                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::1               1288872                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::2               1302336                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::3               1284384                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::4               1277040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::5               1290504                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::6               1272960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::7               1263576                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::0         7172505.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::1              7240896                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::2         7257369.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::3         7085145.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::4         7036723.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::5         7089139.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::6         7072665.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::7         6944870.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::0        3414389.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::1        3440517.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::2        3470376.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::3        3384115.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::4        3364208.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::5        3410657.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::6        3377479.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::7        3331031.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::0      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::1      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::2      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::3      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::4      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::5      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::6      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::7      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::0      1197829938.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::1        1195615584                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::2      1198778564.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::3      1200077124.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::4      1198706662.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::5      1203755293.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::6      1198165919.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::7      1195686610.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::0       54392878416                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::1       54394820832                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::2       54392046288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::3       54390907200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::4       54392109360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::5       54387680736                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::6       54392583696                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::7       54394758528                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::0        59542126934.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::1        59541959641.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::2        59542427833.920006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::3        59542284257.280006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::4        59542029395.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::5        59542781689.920006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::6        59542002073.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::7        59541500059.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::0          64.435340                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::1          64.435159                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::2          64.435665                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::3          64.435510                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::4          64.435234                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::5          64.436048                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::6          64.435205                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::7          64.434661                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       238848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         6400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       254720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         6400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       243456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data       261120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total          1022720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         6400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::total        22272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::writebacks       475392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total        475392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          933                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          995                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          951                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         1020                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total              3995                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::writebacks         1857                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total             1857                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        12109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        48435                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2824366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        75680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3012052                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         6054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        75680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      2878856                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        51462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      3087732                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        12109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         3027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total            12093615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        48435                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        75680                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        75680                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        51462                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        12109                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::total         263365                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::writebacks       5621488                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total            5621488                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::writebacks       5621488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        12109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        48435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2824366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        75680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3012052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         6054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        75680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      2878856                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        51462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      3087732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        12109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         3027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total           17715103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                      3995                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                     1857                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                   31960                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                  14856                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM              1022208                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                   512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                474880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys               1022720                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys             475392                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                   16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          123                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0            1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1            1992                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2            1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3            2096                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4            2088                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5            1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6            2040                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7            2000                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::8            2016                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::9            1944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::10           1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::11           2000                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::12           1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::13           1968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::14           1952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::15           1992                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0             920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1             913                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2             896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3             928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4             984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5             936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6             944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7             944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::8             928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::9             911                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::10            920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::11            936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::12            928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::13            904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::14            952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::15            896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                 86082210000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5               31960                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5              14856                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0                  3983                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1                  3983                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2                  3984                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3                  3984                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4                  3984                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5                  3984                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6                  3986                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7                  3987                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                  626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                  625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                  625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                  625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                  625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                  625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                  625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::samples         6465                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.568136                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::gmean   207.469580                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::stdev    65.353734                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::32-63          606      9.37%      9.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::64-95            8      0.12%      9.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::96-127            3      0.05%      9.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::160-191            4      0.06%      9.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::192-223            9      0.14%      9.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::224-255          601      9.30%     19.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5234     80.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::total         6465                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::samples          615                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.785366                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.869305                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             1      0.16%      0.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            2      0.33%      0.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           42      6.83%      7.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          103     16.75%     24.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           75     12.20%     36.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           79     12.85%     49.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           65     10.57%     59.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           52      8.46%     68.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           44      7.15%     75.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           38      6.18%     81.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           35      5.69%     87.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           16      2.60%     89.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::96-99           20      3.25%     93.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            7      1.14%     94.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::112-115           14      2.28%     96.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            3      0.49%     96.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            6      0.98%     97.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            4      0.65%     98.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            2      0.33%     98.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            2      0.33%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            1      0.16%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            2      0.33%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::176-179            1      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::total          615                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::samples          615                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.130081                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.107912                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.110795                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.16%      0.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::24            603     98.05%     98.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::32             11      1.79%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::total          615                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  831557600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat            1373008400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                102220800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                   26031.73                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat              42981.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                      12.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       5.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                   12.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    5.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     8.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                    30.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits                  27934                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                 12385                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate               87.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate              83.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                 14709878.67                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                  86.15                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::IDLE  81205257300                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::REF    1837935000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT    1521370200                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::0          1908748.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::1          1886371.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::2          1879113.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::3               1877904                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::4          1873065.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::5          1862179.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::6          1900281.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::7               1862784                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::0          1287648.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::1               1272552                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::2               1267656                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::3               1266840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::4               1263576                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::5               1256232                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::6               1281936                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::7               1256640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::0         7157030.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::1              7128576                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::2         7064678.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::3         7009267.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::4              6908928                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::5         6920908.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::6         7072665.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::7         6873484.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::0        3454202.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::1        3374161.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::2        3384115.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::3        3360890.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::4        3357573.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::5        3331031.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::6        3387432.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::7        3334348.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::0      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::1      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::2      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::3      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::4      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::5      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::6      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::7      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::0      1195378591.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::1      1197459483.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::2      1195904505.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::3      1196104890.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::4        1200692232                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::5      1198557714.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::6      1199245872.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::7      1199639747.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::0       54395028720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::1       54393203376                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::2       54394567392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::3       54394391616                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::4       54390367632                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::5       54392240016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::6       54391636368                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::7      54391290864.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::0        59541857319.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::1        59541966898.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::2        59541709838.400002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::3        59541653785.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::4        59542105384.320000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::5        59541810458.879997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::6        59542166934.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::7        59541900246.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::0          64.435048                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::1          64.435167                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::2          64.434888                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::3          64.434828                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::4          64.435316                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::5          64.434997                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::6          64.435383                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::7          64.435094                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       248832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         7936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       249088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        11264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       248832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         7680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data       257280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::total          1036544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        11264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         7680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::total        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::writebacks       481024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::total        481024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          972                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          973                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          972                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         1005                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::total              4049                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::writebacks         1879                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::total             1879                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        42381                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2942427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        93843                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2945454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       133196                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      2942427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        90816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      3042324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        21190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         3027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::total            12257084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        42381                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        93843                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       133196                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        90816                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        21190                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::total         381426                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::writebacks       5688086                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::total            5688086                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::writebacks       5688086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        42381                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2942427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        93843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2945454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       133196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      2942427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        90816                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      3042324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        21190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         3027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::total           17945169                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                      4049                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                     1879                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                   32392                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                  15032                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM              1036064                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ                   480                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten                481024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys               1036544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys             481024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                   15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          307                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0            2000                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1            1992                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2            2056                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3            1952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4            2072                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5            2056                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6            2000                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7            1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::8            2056                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::9            2072                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::10           2017                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::11           1992                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::12           2104                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::13           1992                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::14           2032                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::15           2000                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0             912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1             976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2             944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3             960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4             985                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5             936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6             960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7             960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::8             912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::9             903                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::10           1008                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::11            936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::12            960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::13            896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::14            896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::15            888                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                 86070095000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5               32392                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5              15032                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0                  4041                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1                  4040                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2                  4040                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3                  4042                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4                  4042                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5                  4042                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6                  4043                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7                  4044                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                  625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                  625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                  625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                  626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                  628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                  633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                  633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                  633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                  631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                  631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                  631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                  630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                  627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::samples         6551                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.581133                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::gmean   207.683561                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::stdev    65.193531                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::32-63          605      9.24%      9.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::64-95           11      0.17%      9.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::96-127            8      0.12%      9.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.03%      9.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::160-191           10      0.15%      9.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::192-223            9      0.14%      9.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::224-255          602      9.19%     19.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5304     80.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::total         6551                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::samples          623                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.943820                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    30.668202                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             1      0.16%      0.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            2      0.32%      0.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           26      4.17%      4.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          121     19.42%     24.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           84     13.48%     37.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           73     11.72%     49.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           57      9.15%     58.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           57      9.15%     67.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           56      8.99%     76.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           43      6.90%     83.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           23      3.69%     87.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           22      3.53%     90.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::96-99           13      2.09%     92.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::104-107           12      1.93%     94.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            7      1.12%     95.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::120-123           10      1.61%     97.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            4      0.64%     98.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            3      0.48%     98.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            2      0.32%     98.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            1      0.16%     99.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            1      0.16%     99.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::192-195            2      0.32%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::200-203            2      0.32%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::240-243            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::total          623                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::samples          623                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.128411                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.105216                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.177036                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.16%      0.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.16%      0.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::24            611     98.07%     98.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::32              9      1.44%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::40              1      0.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::total          623                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat                  841767150                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat            1390557300                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat                103606400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                   25998.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat              42948.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                      12.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       5.69                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                   12.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    5.69                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                    31.08                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits                  28319                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                 12539                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate              83.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                 14519246.79                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                  86.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::IDLE  81163323950                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::REF    1837935000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT    1563303550                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::0               1893024                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::1          1825286.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::2          1906329.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::3          1867622.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::4          1916611.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::5          1854921.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::6          1925683.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::7          1908748.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::0               1277040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::1               1231344                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::2               1286016                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::3               1259904                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::4               1292952                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::5               1251336                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::6               1299072                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::7          1287648.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::0         7032729.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::1         6885465.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::2         7172505.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::3         6977817.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::4         7089139.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::5         6859507.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::6         7260364.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::7         7120588.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::0        3450885.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::1        3344302.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::2        3374576.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::3        3377479.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::4        3417292.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::5        3344302.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::6        3401118.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::7        3340984.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::0      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::1      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::2      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::3      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::4      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::5      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::6      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::7      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::0      1197122627.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::1      1190971278.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::2      1197228346.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::3      1197842031.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::4      1198922313.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::5      1198685759.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::6      1198721819.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::7      1201572184.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::0      54393498864.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::1      54398894784.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::2       54393406128                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::3       54392867808                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::4       54391920192                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::5       54392127696                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::6      54392096064.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::7      54389595744.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::0        59541917547.840004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::1        59540794838.400009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::2         59542016280                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::3        59541835040.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::4        59542200878.400002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::5        59541765899.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::6        59542346499.840004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::7        59542468275.840004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::0          64.435113                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::1          64.433898                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::2          64.435220                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::3          64.435024                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::4          64.435420                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::5          64.434949                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::6          64.435577                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::7          64.435709                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         7424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       235776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         5888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       257280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu2.itb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         7168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       245248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         6400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data       261376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::total          1031424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         7424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         5888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         7168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         6400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::total        27904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::writebacks       481536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::total        481536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          921                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1005                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu2.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         1021                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::total              4029                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::writebacks         1881                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::total             1881                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         9082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        87788                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2788040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         6054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        69625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3042324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         6054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu2.itb.walker         6054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        84761                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      2900046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         6054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        75680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      3090759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        12109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        12109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::total            12196540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        87788                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        69625                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        84761                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        75680                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        12109                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::total         329963                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::writebacks       5694140                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::total            5694140                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::writebacks       5694140                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         9082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        87788                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2788040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         6054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        69625                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3042324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         6054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu2.itb.walker         6054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        84761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      2900046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         6054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        75680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      3090759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        12109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        12109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::total           17890680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                      4029                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                     1881                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                   32232                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                  15048                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM              1031168                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten                481536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys               1031424                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys             481536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          238                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0            1928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1            2008                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2            2080                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3            2200                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4            2008                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5            2040                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6            1952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7            2016                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::8            2048                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::9            1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::10           2000                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::11           2096                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::12           1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::13           1944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::14           1944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::15           2016                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0             912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1             960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2             976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3            1000                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4             929                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5             968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6             944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7             920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::8             920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::9             935                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::10            952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::11           1000                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::12            888                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::13            912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::14            912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::15            920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                 86068545000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5               32232                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5              15048                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0                  4013                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1                  4014                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2                  4014                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3                  4014                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4                  4014                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5                  4016                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6                  4016                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7                  4017                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                  621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                  625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                  625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                  625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                  626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                  626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                  626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                  628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                  634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                  634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                  634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                  634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                  633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                  633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                  633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                  631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                  625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::samples         6517                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::mean   232.116618                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::gmean   208.525858                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::stdev    64.668973                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::32-63          593      9.10%      9.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::64-95           11      0.17%      9.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::96-127            4      0.06%      9.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.03%      9.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::160-191            2      0.03%      9.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::192-223           13      0.20%      9.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::224-255          587      9.01%     18.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5305     81.40%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::total         6517                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::samples          625                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.545600                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    44.989621                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.601995                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            3      0.48%      0.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           25      4.00%      4.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          106     16.96%     21.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           87     13.92%     35.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           77     12.32%     47.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           68     10.88%     58.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           62      9.92%     68.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           48      7.68%     76.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           48      7.68%     83.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           27      4.32%     88.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           21      3.36%     91.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::96-99           13      2.08%     93.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::104-107           12      1.92%     95.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            5      0.80%     96.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            8      1.28%     97.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            6      0.96%     98.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            5      0.80%     99.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            1      0.16%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            1      0.16%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::176-179            2      0.32%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::total          625                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::samples          625                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.076800                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.052704                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.108182                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::16              3      0.48%      0.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.16%      0.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::24            611     97.76%     98.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::25              1      0.16%     98.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::32              9      1.44%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::total          625                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat                  841109400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat            1387306200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat                103116800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                   26101.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat              43051.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                      12.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       5.69                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                   12.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    5.69                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     8.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                    30.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits                  28190                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                 12565                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate               87.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate              83.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                 14563205.58                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                  86.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::IDLE  81217714050                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::REF    1837935000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT    1508913450                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::0               1862784                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::1          1972857.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::2          1867622.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::3          1852502.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::4          1847059.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::5               1911168                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::6          1897862.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::7          1883347.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::0               1256640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::1               1330896                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::2               1259904                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::3               1249704                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::4               1246032                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::5               1289280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::6               1280304                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::7               1270512                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::0         6945369.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::1         7420108.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::2         7016755.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::3         6952857.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::4         6857011.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::5         7069171.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::6         7085644.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::7              6961344                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::0        3374161.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::1        3546685.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::2        3361305.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::3        3357573.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::4        3331031.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::5        3450470.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::6        3377479.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::7        3324395.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::0      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::1      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::2      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::3      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::4      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::5      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::6      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::7      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::0      1195199055.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::1      1202767925.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::2      1197173462.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::3      1195085675.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::4      1199041165.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::5      1202581823.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::6      1200201557.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::7      1199936877.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::0       54395186208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::1       54388546848                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::2       54393454272                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::3      54395285664.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::4       54391815936                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::5       54388710096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::6       54390798048                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::7      54391030224.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::0        59541466596.480003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::1        59543227699.200005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::2        59541775699.200005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::3        59541426354.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::4        59541780612.480003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::5        59542654386.239998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::6        59542283274.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::7        59542049077.440010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::0          64.434625                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::1          64.436531                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::2          64.434960                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::3          64.434582                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::4          64.434965                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::5          64.435911                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::6          64.435509                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::7          64.435255                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       246528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       253696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        10752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       256000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data       235008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::total          1021952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         9216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        10752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::total        30464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::writebacks       475904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::total        475904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          963                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         1000                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          918                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::total              3992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::writebacks         1859                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::total             1859                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        51462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2915182                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       108979                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2999943                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       127142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      3027188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        51462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2778958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        21190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         3027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::total            12084534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        51462                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       108979                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       127142                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        51462                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        21190                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::total         360235                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::writebacks       5627542                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::total            5627542                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::writebacks       5627542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        51462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2915182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       108979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2999943                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       127142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      3027188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        51462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2778958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        21190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         3027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::total           17712076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                      3992                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                     1859                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                   31936                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                  14872                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM              1021696                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                475904                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys               1021952                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys             475904                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          253                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0            1928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1            1992                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2            1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3            2024                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4            2032                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5            2112                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6            2024                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7            1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::8            2040                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::9            1944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::10           1952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::11           2016                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::12           1912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::13           2032                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::14           1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::15           1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0             904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1             969                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2             904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3             952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4             968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5             920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6             960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7             960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::8             919                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::9             920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::10            920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::11            928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::12            896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::13            912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::14            912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::15            928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                 86047358000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5               31936                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5              14872                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0                  3988                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1                  3989                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2                  3989                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3                  3989                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4                  3989                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5                  3989                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6                  3989                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7                  3991                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                  628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                  628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                  628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                  627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                  627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                  627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                  627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                  625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::samples         6464                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.683168                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::gmean   207.764441                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::stdev    65.166976                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::32-63          599      9.27%      9.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::64-95            8      0.12%      9.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::96-127            7      0.11%      9.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::128-159            3      0.05%      9.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::160-191            6      0.09%      9.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::192-223            7      0.11%      9.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::224-255          592      9.16%     18.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5242     81.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::total         6464                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::samples          616                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.831169                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    44.318489                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    31.892055                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            3      0.49%      0.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           31      5.03%      5.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          107     17.37%     22.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           90     14.61%     37.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           74     12.01%     49.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           70     11.36%     60.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           59      9.58%     70.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           45      7.31%     77.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           37      6.01%     83.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::80-87           23      3.73%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::88-95           17      2.76%     90.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::96-103           14      2.27%     92.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            8      1.30%     93.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::112-119           10      1.62%     95.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            5      0.81%     96.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            7      1.14%     97.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            2      0.32%     97.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            5      0.81%     98.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            3      0.49%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            1      0.16%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            2      0.32%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            1      0.16%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::216-223            1      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::304-311            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::total          616                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::samples          616                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.142857                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.116471                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.241183                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.16%      0.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::24            604     98.05%     98.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::32             10      1.62%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::40              1      0.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::total          616                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat                  830706300                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat            1371885900                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat                102169600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                   26018.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat              42968.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                      12.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       5.63                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                   12.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    5.63                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     8.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                    30.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits                  27929                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                 12407                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate              83.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                 14706436.16                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                  86.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::IDLE  81245152750                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::REF    1837935000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT    1481474750                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::0               1877904                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::1          1866412.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::2          1885766.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::3               1865808                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::4          1881532.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::5          1888185.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::6               1880928                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::7          1881532.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::0               1266840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::1          1259088.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::2               1272144                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::3               1258680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::4          1269288.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::5               1273776                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::6               1268880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::7          1269288.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::0              6968832                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::1         7012761.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::2              7128576                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::3              6928896                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::4         7017753.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::5         7025740.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::6         7072665.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::7         6996787.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::0        3437614.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::1        3357573.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::2        3350937.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::3        3360890.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::4        3404021.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::5        3340984.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::6        3360890.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::7        3324395.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::0      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::1      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::2      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::3      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::4      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::5      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::6      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::7      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::0      1197248538.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::1      1195071174.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::2      1198737852.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::3      1199428473.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::4      1195233966.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::5      1201113247.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::6      1198231254.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::7      1197668842.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::0       54393388416                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::1      54395298384.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::2       54392082000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::3       54391476192                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::4      54395155584.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::5       54389998320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::6      54392526384.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::7       54393019728                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::0        59541830521.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::1        59541507771.840012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::2        59542099654.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::3        59541961318.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::4        59541604524.480011                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::5         59542282632                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::6        59541983380.800011                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::7        59541802951.680000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::0          64.435019                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::1          64.434670                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::2          64.435310                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::3          64.435160                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::4          64.434774                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::5          64.435508                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::6          64.435184                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::7          64.434989                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       238592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         6656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       257280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        11776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       255488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data       246784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::total          1025536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        11776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::total        26624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::writebacks       481536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::total        481536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          932                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1005                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           46                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          964                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::total              4006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::writebacks         1881                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::total             1881                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        45408                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2821339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        78707                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3042324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       139251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      3021133                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        27245                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2918209                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        24218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         6054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::total            12126914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        45408                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        78707                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       139251                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        27245                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        24218                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::total         314828                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::writebacks       5694140                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::total            5694140                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::writebacks       5694140                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        45408                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2821339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        78707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3042324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       139251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      3021133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        27245                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2918209                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        24218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         6054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::total           17821055                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                      4006                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                     1881                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                   32048                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                  15048                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM              1025056                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ                   480                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                481792                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys               1025536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys             481536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                   15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           84                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0            1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1            1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2            2104                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3            2016                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4            2048                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5            2016                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6            2056                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7            2032                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::8            2008                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::9            1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::10           2008                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::11           2032                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::12           1944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::13           1985                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::14           1952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::15           1912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0             929                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1             960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2            1000                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3             912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4             960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5             944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6            1008                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7             944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::8             943                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::9             912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::10            984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::11            912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::12            920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::13            912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::14            896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::15            920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                 86058795000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5               32048                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5              15048                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0                  3994                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1                  3993                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2                  3995                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3                  3995                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4                  3995                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5                  3995                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6                  3996                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7                  3997                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                  625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                  625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                  625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                  625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                  625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                  625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                  626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                  634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                  634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                  634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                  634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                  634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                  634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                  634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                  633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                  625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::samples         6502                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.751461                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::gmean   207.911432                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::stdev    65.053907                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::32-63          600      9.23%      9.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::64-95            9      0.14%      9.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::96-127            5      0.08%      9.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.06%      9.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::160-191            7      0.11%      9.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::192-223            7      0.11%      9.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::224-255          597      9.18%     18.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5273     81.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::total         6502                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::samples          625                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.265600                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    28.026770                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             1      0.16%      0.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            4      0.64%      0.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           21      3.36%      4.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          111     17.76%     21.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           82     13.12%     35.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           93     14.88%     49.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           69     11.04%     60.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           52      8.32%     69.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           47      7.52%     76.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           41      6.56%     83.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           23      3.68%     87.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           22      3.52%     90.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::96-99           17      2.72%     93.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::104-107           12      1.92%     95.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::112-115           12      1.92%     97.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            7      1.12%     98.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.16%     98.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            4      0.64%     99.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            3      0.48%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            2      0.32%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::192-195            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::total          625                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::samples          625                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.089600                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.068380                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.058378                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      0.32%      0.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::24            614     98.24%     98.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::32              9      1.44%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::total          625                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat                  834932450                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat            1377891800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat                102505600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                   26064.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat              43014.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                      12.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       5.70                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                   12.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    5.69                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     8.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                    30.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits                  28015                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                 12572                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate               87.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate              83.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                 14618446.58                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                  86.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::IDLE  81249310500                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::REF    1837935000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT    1477317000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::0          1878508.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::1          1961971.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::2               1902096                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::3          1951689.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::4          1891814.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::5          1888790.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::6          1922659.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::7          1890604.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::0          1267248.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::1               1323552                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::2               1283160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::3               1316616                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::4               1276224                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::5               1274184                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::6               1297032                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::7          1275408.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::0         6997286.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::1         7491993.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::2              7193472                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::3         7294809.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::4         7021747.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::5         6976819.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::6         7209446.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::7         6936883.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::0        3407754.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::1        3467059.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::2        3447152.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::3        3460423.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::4        3397386.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::5        3387847.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::6        3413975.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::7        3354255.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::0      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::1      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::2      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::3      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::4      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::5      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::6      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::7      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::0      1197479511.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::1      1194356750.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::2      1192555586.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::3      1200967309.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::4      1197742167.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::5      1199311482.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::6      1199542345.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::7      1203131813.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::0       54393185808                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::1       54395925072                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::2       54397505040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::3       54390126336                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::4       54392955408                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::5       54391578816                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::6      54391376304.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::7       54388227648                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::0        59541858494.400002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::1         59542168776                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::2        59541528885.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::3        59542759561.920006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::4        59541927124.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::5        59542060317.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::6        59542404140.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::7        59542458990.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::0          64.435049                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::1          64.435385                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::2          64.434693                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::3          64.436024                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::4          64.435123                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::5          64.435268                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::6          64.435640                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::7          64.435699                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       249600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         7424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       244736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         7680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       256768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         7168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data       248064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total          1029632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         7680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         7168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::total        27648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::writebacks       482560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total        482560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          975                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          956                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         1003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          969                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total              4022                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::writebacks         1885                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total             1885                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        42381                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2951508                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         6054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        87788                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2893992                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         9082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        90816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      3036269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         6054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        84761                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2933345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        21190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         9082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total            12175349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        42381                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        87788                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        90816                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        84761                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        21190                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::total         326936                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::writebacks       5706249                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total            5706249                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::writebacks       5706249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        42381                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2951508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         6054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        87788                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2893992                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         9082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        90816                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      3036269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         6054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        84761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2933345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        21190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         9082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total           17881599                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                      4022                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                     1885                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                   32176                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                  15080                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM              1029408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                   224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten                482560                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys               1029632                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys             482560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                    7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          355                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0            1920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1            1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2            2040                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3            2240                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4            2024                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5            2016                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6            2040                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7            2104                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::8            1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::9            1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::10           1944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::11           2065                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::12           1912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::13           1992                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::14           1968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::15           1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0             928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1             952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2             920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3            1048                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4             952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5            1000                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6             984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7             960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::8             911                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::9             920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::10            928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::11            993                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::12            896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::13            872                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::14            912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::15            904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                 86088448000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5               32176                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5              15080                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0                  4008                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1                  4007                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2                  4008                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3                  4008                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4                  4009                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5                  4009                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6                  4010                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7                  4011                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                  624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                  624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                  624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                  624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                  626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                  627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                  628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                  628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                  628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                  628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                  628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                  628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                  629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                  634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                  634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                  634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                  633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                  633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                  633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                  633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                  630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                  624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::samples         6520                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.896933                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::gmean   208.046406                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::stdev    64.971830                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::32-63          605      9.28%      9.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::64-95            3      0.05%      9.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::96-127            4      0.06%      9.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.06%      9.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::160-191            4      0.06%      9.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::192-223            5      0.08%      9.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::224-255          600      9.20%     18.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5295     81.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::total         6520                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::samples          626                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.375399                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.851600                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::0-7             1      0.16%      0.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            7      1.12%      1.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           34      5.43%      6.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          100     15.97%     22.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           94     15.02%     37.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           72     11.50%     49.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           68     10.86%     60.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           48      7.67%     67.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           42      6.71%     74.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           48      7.67%     82.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::80-87           37      5.91%     88.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::88-95           25      3.99%     92.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::96-103           13      2.08%     94.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            9      1.44%     95.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            9      1.44%     96.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            3      0.48%     97.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            4      0.64%     98.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            4      0.64%     98.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            2      0.32%     99.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            1      0.16%     99.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            2      0.32%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            1      0.16%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            1      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::264-271            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::total          626                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::samples          626                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.089457                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.066109                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.116416                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.16%      0.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::18              2      0.32%      0.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::22              2      0.32%      0.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::24            611     97.60%     98.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::32             10      1.60%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::total          626                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  839145950                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat            1384410500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                102940800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                   26085.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat              43035.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                      12.17                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       5.71                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                   12.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    5.71                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     8.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                    30.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits                  28140                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                 12589                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate               87.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate              83.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                 14573971.22                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                  86.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::IDLE  81224823850                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::REF    1837935000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT    1504710150                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::0          1931126.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::1          1884556.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::2          1895443.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::3          1942617.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::4          1848268.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::5          1857945.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::6          1888790.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::7          1882742.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::0               1302744                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::1          1271328.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::2               1278672                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::3               1310496                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::4               1246848                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::5               1253376                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::6               1274184                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::7               1270104                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::0         7224921.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::1         7196467.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::2         7060684.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::3         7241894.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::4         6845529.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::5         6857510.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::6         7041715.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::7              6928896                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::0        3510190.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::1             3400704                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::2        3397386.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::3        3467059.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::4        3340984.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::5        3364623.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::6        3350937.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::7        3367526.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::0      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::1      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::2      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::3      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::4      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::5      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::6      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::7      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::0      1200753463.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::1      1192314873.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::2      1196383579.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::3      1201277298.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::4      1197041641.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::5      1201294699.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::6      1197493464.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::7      1201928520.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::0       54390313920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::1       54397716192                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::2       54394147152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::3       54389854416                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::4      54393569904.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::5       54389839152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::6       54393173568                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::7       54389283168                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::0        59542678743.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::1        59541426499.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::2        59541805295.039993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::3        59542736159.040001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::4        59541535554.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::5        59542109684.159996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::6        59541865037.760002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::7        59542303335.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::0          64.435937                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::1          64.434582                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::2          64.434992                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::3          64.435999                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::4          64.434700                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::5          64.435321                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::6          64.435056                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::7          64.435531                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       244992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         7424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       246272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         8960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       248832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data       249088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total          1020928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         8960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         6144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::total        28928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::writebacks       476928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total        476928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          962                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          972                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          973                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total              3988                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::writebacks         1863                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total             1863                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        51462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2897019                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        12109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        87788                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2912155                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       105952                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      2942427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        12109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        72653                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2945454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        24218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         6054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total            12072425                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        51462                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        87788                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       105952                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        72653                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        24218                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::total         342072                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::writebacks       5639651                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total            5639651                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::writebacks       5639651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        51462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2897019                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        12109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        87788                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2912155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       105952                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      2942427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        12109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        72653                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2945454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        24218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         6054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total           17712076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                      3988                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                     1863                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                   31904                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                  14904                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM              1020928                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                476672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys               1020928                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys             476928                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          269                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0            1920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1            2040                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2            2040                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3            2040                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4            2016                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5            2048                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6            1992                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7            2096                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::8            1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::9            1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::10           1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::11           2032                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::12           1896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::13           1992                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::14           1944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::15           1920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0             921                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1             976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2             896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3             952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4             976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5             944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6             936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7             928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::8             920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::9             928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::10            911                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::11            944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::12            904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::13            912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::14            936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::15            912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                 84567009000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5               31904                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5              14904                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0                  3978                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1                  3978                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2                  3979                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3                  3980                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4                  3980                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5                  3980                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6                  3980                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7                  3981                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                  617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                  616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                  631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                  632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                  632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                  632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                  632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                  632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                  632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                  625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                  615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::samples         6456                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.975217                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::gmean   208.283730                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::stdev    64.800565                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::32-63          593      9.19%      9.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::64-95            4      0.06%      9.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::96-127            6      0.09%      9.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.09%      9.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::160-191            6      0.09%      9.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::192-223            4      0.06%      9.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::224-255          592      9.17%     18.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5245     81.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::total         6456                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::samples          616                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.753247                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    44.657628                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    28.269392                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            5      0.81%      0.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           41      6.66%      7.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           87     14.12%     21.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           76     12.34%     33.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           82     13.31%     47.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           76     12.34%     59.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           58      9.42%     68.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           41      6.66%     75.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           39      6.33%     81.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           25      4.06%     86.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           30      4.87%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::96-99           15      2.44%     93.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::104-107           10      1.62%     94.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            8      1.30%     96.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::120-123           10      1.62%     97.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            2      0.32%     98.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            3      0.49%     98.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            5      0.81%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            3      0.49%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::total          616                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::samples          616                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.181818                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.148903                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.348071                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.16%      0.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.16%      0.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.16%      0.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::24            597     96.92%     97.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::32             16      2.60%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::total          616                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  827393700                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat            1368166500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                102092800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                   25933.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat              42883.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                      12.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       5.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                   12.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    5.64                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     8.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                    30.73                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits                  27909                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                 12436                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate               87.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate              83.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                 14453428.30                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                  86.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::IDLE  81279236100                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::REF    1837935000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT    1449913400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::0          1924473.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::1          1836777.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::2               1899072                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::3               1905120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::4          1890604.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::5          1881532.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::6          1879113.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::7          1858550.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::0               1298256                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::1               1239096                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::2               1281120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::3               1285200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::4          1275408.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::5          1269288.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::6               1267656                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::7               1253784                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::0         7252377.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::1         6960844.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::2         7124582.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::3         7176998.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::4         7024742.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::5         6996787.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::6              6968832                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::7         6797606.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::0        3487380.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::1        3307806.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::2        3413975.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::3        3370844.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::4        3397386.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::5        3344302.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::6        3370844.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::7        3324395.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::0      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::1      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::2      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::3      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::4      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::5      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::6      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::7      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::0      1196779970.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::1      1194492674.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::2      1195088466.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::3      1198441379.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::4      1199879311.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::5      1200169491.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::6      1201332948.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::7      1201716207.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::0       54393799440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::1       54395805840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::2       54395283216                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::3      54392342064.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::4       54391080720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::5       54390826176                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::6       54389805600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::7       54389469408                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::0        59542184276.159996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::1        59541285417.599998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::2        59541732809.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::3        59542163983.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::4        59542190550.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::5        59542129955.519997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::6        59542267371.840004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::7        59542062329.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::0          64.435402                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::1          64.434429                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::2          64.434913                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::3          64.435380                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::4          64.435409                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::5          64.435343                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::6          64.435492                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::7          64.435270                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         7168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       255488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         7168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       239872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        11264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       252160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data       246272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::total          1029376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         7168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        11264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::total        32000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::writebacks       478720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::total        478720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          937                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          985                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          962                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::total              4021                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::writebacks         1870                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::total             1870                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        15136                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        84761                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      3021133                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         9082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        84761                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2836475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         6054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.itb.walker         3027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       133196                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      2981780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         6054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        51462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2912155                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        24218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         3027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::total            12172322                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        84761                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        84761                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       133196                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        51462                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        24218                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::total         378398                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::writebacks       5660841                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::total            5660841                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::writebacks       5660841                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        15136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        84761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3021133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         9082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        84761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2836475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         6054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.itb.walker         3027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       133196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      2981780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         6054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        51462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2912155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        24218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         3027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::total           17833164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                      4021                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                     1870                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                   32168                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                  14960                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM              1029152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ                   224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten                478720                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys               1029376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys             478720                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                    7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs       298238                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0            1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1            1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2            2208                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3            2104                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4            2040                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5            2088                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6            1993                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7            1952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::8            2032                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::9            1952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::10           2088                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::11           2000                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::12           1920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::13           1936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::14           1928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::15           1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0             904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1             961                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2             952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3            1008                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4             952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5             976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6             952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7             944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::8             896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::9             935                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::10            944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::11            920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::12            896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::13            912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::14            896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::15            912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                 84567122000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5               32168                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5              14960                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0                  4009                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1                  4008                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2                  4009                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3                  4009                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4                  4009                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5                  4009                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6                  4009                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7                  4010                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                  620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                  620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                  620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                  621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                  623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                  622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                  621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                  620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                  620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                  627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                  627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                  627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                  627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                  627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                  627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                  627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                  626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::samples         6496                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::mean   232.123153                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::gmean   208.563786                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::stdev    64.628055                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::32-63          591      9.10%      9.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::64-95            8      0.12%      9.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::96-127            5      0.08%      9.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::128-159            5      0.08%      9.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::160-191            4      0.06%      9.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::192-223            8      0.12%      9.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::224-255          589      9.07%     18.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5286     81.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::total         6496                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::samples          619                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.943457                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    44.888986                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.293046                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            5      0.81%      0.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           26      4.20%      5.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           97     15.67%     20.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           95     15.35%     36.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           85     13.73%     49.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           60      9.69%     59.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           58      9.37%     68.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           48      7.75%     76.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           31      5.01%     81.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           33      5.33%     86.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           16      2.58%     89.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::96-99           19      3.07%     92.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::104-107           16      2.58%     95.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::112-115           11      1.78%     96.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            7      1.13%     98.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.16%     98.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            2      0.32%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            3      0.48%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            1      0.16%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            1      0.16%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            2      0.32%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            1      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::224-227            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::total          619                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::samples          619                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.168013                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.145442                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.148044                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::24            606     97.90%     97.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::32             13      2.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::total          619                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat                  838169650                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat            1383298600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat                102915200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                   26061.68                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat              43011.68                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                      12.17                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       5.66                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                   12.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    5.66                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     8.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                    31.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits                  28131                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                 12494                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate              83.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                 14355308.44                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                  86.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::IDLE  81225995050                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::REF    1837935000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT    1503191950                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::0          1860969.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::1          1966204.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::2          1888790.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::3               1883952                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::4          1854921.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::5          1931731.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::6               1902096                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::7          1879718.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::0               1255416                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::1          1326408.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::2               1274184                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::3               1270920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::4               1251336                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::5               1303152                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::6               1283160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::7               1268064                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::0         6985305.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::1         7531929.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::2         7144550.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::3         7009267.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::4         6912921.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::5         7185484.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::6         7045209.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::7              6921408                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::0        3361305.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::1        3486965.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::2        3357573.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::3        3380797.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::4        3354255.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::5        3450470.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::6        3384115.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::7        3377479.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::0      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::1      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::2      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::3      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::4      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::5      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::6      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::7      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::0      1195139082.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::1      1196580954.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::2      1196478956.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::3      1200872753.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::4      1198265071.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::5      1201643156.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::6      1199874441.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::7      1198875363.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::0       54395238816                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::1       54393974016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::2       54394063488                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::3       54390209280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::4       54392496720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::5       54389533488                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::6       54391084992                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::7       54391961376                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::0        59541483272.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::1         59542508856                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::2        59541849919.680000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::3        59542269347.519997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::4        59541777603.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::5        59542689860.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::6         59542216392                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::7        59541925787.519997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::0          64.434643                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::1          64.435753                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::2          64.435040                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::3          64.435494                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::4          64.434962                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::5          64.435949                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::6          64.435437                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::7          64.435122                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       233216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         6400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       250112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        11776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       253952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data       255488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::total          1019136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        11776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::total        26112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::writebacks       477696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::total        477696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          977                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           46                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::total              3981                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::writebacks         1866                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::total             1866                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        42381                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2757768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        75680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2957563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       139251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      3002970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        33299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      3021133                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        18163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         3027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::total            12051235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        42381                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        75680                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       139251                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        33299                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        18163                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::total         308773                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::writebacks       5648733                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::total            5648733                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::writebacks       5648733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        42381                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2757768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        75680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2957563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       139251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      3002970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        33299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      3021133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        18163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         3027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::total           17699967                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                      3981                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                     1866                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                   31848                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                  14928                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM              1019136                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                477952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys               1019136                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys             477696                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          261                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0            1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1            1976                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2            1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3            2096                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4            2032                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5            2000                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6            1992                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7            2024                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::8            1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::9            1952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::10           1944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::11           2016                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::12           1960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::13           2008                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::14           2000                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::15           1920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0             928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1             969                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2             904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3             936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4             960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5             936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6             960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7             960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::8             951                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::9             904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::10            912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::11            928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::12            944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::13            912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::14            904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::15            928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                 86058276000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5               31848                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5              14928                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0                  3979                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1                  3979                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2                  3979                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3                  3979                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4                  3979                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5                  3979                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6                  3979                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7                  3980                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                  620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                  629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                  630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                  630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                  630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                  630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                  630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                  630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                  628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::samples         6466                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.532323                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::gmean   207.441232                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::stdev    65.358808                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::32-63          606      9.37%      9.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::64-95            7      0.11%      9.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::96-127            4      0.06%      9.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.03%      9.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::160-191            4      0.06%      9.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::192-223            8      0.12%      9.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::224-255          604      9.34%     19.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5231     80.90%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::total         6466                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::samples          619                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.450727                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    44.209535                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    30.427091                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            4      0.65%      0.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           25      4.04%      4.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          123     19.87%     24.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           69     11.15%     35.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           81     13.09%     48.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           86     13.89%     62.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           54      8.72%     71.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           39      6.30%     77.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           30      4.85%     82.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           29      4.68%     87.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           19      3.07%     90.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::96-99           19      3.07%     93.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            5      0.81%     94.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::112-115           11      1.78%     95.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            8      1.29%     97.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            3      0.48%     97.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            1      0.16%     97.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            3      0.48%     98.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            3      0.48%     98.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            2      0.32%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            2      0.32%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            1      0.16%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::192-195            1      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::240-243            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::total          619                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::samples          619                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.129241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.105403                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.187625                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.16%      0.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.16%      0.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::24            607     98.06%     98.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::32              9      1.45%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::40              1      0.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::total          619                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat                  838135700                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat            1377959300                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat                101913600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                   26316.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat              43266.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                      12.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       5.65                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                   12.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    5.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                    31.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits                  27855                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                 12463                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate               87.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate              83.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                 14718364.29                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                  86.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::IDLE  81234901700                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::REF    1837935000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT    1491725800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::0               1905120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::1          1901491.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::2          1897257.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::3          1948060.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::4          1905724.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::5          1896652.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::6               1893024                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::7               1893024                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::0               1285200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::1               1282752                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::2               1279896                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::3          1314168.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::4          1285608.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::5          1279488.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::6               1277040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::7               1277040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::0              7168512                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::1         7212441.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::2         7117094.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::3         7341235.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::4         7117094.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::5         6953356.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::6         7096627.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::7              6928896                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::0        3454202.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::1        3390750.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::2             3400704                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::3        3473694.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::4        3423928.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::5        3397386.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::6        3367526.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::7        3390750.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::0      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::1      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::2      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::3      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::4      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::5      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::6      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::7      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::0      1193413979.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::1      1197673822.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::2      1195998678.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::3      1198311966.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::4      1198362309.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::5      1198393225.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::6      1198734514.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::7      1205105016.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::0      54396752064.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::1       54393015360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::2      54394484784.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::3      54392455584.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::4      54392411424.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::5      54392384304.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::6       54392084928                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::7       54386496768                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::0        59541621456.000008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::1        59542118995.200005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::2        59541820792.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::3        59542487087.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::4        59542148466.240013                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::5        59541946791.360008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::6        59542096037.759995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::7        59542733873.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::0          64.434793                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::1          64.435331                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::2          64.435008                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::3          64.435729                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::4          64.435363                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::5          64.435145                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::6          64.435306                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::7          64.435997                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       238848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         8448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       253184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         8448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       248832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         7424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data       254720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total          1027584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         8448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         8448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         7424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::total        29440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::writebacks       478720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total        478720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          933                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          989                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          972                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          995                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total              4014                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::writebacks         1870                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total             1870                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        39353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2824366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        12109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        99897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2993889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         6054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        99897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      2942427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         9082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        87788                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      3012052                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        21190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         3027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total            12151132                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        39353                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        99897                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        99897                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        87788                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        21190                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::total         348127                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::writebacks       5660841                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total            5660841                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::writebacks       5660841                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        39353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2824366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        12109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        99897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2993889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         6054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        99897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      2942427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         9082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        87788                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      3012052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        21190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         3027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total           17811973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                      4014                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                     1870                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                   32112                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                  14960                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM              1027072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                   512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten                478464                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys               1027584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys             478720                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                   16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          226                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0            1928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1            2072                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2            1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3            2048                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4            2056                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5            2096                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6            2032                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7            2152                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::8            2096                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::9            1944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::10           1928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::11           2008                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::12           1896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::13           1984                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::14           1952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::15           1920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0             888                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1             944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2             912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3             952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4             960                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5             929                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6            1008                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7             952                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::8             920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::9             951                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::10            912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::11            936                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::12            912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::13            904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::14            968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::15            904                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                 84567009000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5               32112                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5              14960                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0                  3995                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1                  3995                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2                  3995                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3                  3996                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4                  3996                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5                  3997                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6                  4000                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7                  4002                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                  618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                  621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                  621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                  621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                  621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                  621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                  621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                  624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                  632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                  631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                  631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                  631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                  631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                  631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                  630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                  627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                  619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::samples         6491                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.942074                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::gmean   208.224190                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::stdev    64.858545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::32-63          595      9.17%      9.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::64-95           10      0.15%      9.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::96-127            4      0.06%      9.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.03%      9.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::160-191            7      0.11%      9.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::192-223            7      0.11%      9.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::224-255          592      9.12%     18.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::256-287         5274     81.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::total         6491                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::samples          620                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.638710                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    31.131569                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             1      0.16%      0.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            3      0.48%      0.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           45      7.26%      7.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          101     16.29%     24.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           96     15.48%     39.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           65     10.48%     50.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           57      9.19%     59.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           58      9.35%     68.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           48      7.74%     76.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           37      5.97%     82.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           24      3.87%     86.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::88-91           20      3.23%     89.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::96-99           14      2.26%     91.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::104-107           12      1.94%     93.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::112-115           11      1.77%     95.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            8      1.29%     96.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            5      0.81%     97.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            5      0.81%     98.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            2      0.32%     98.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            3      0.48%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            1      0.16%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::176-179            1      0.16%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            1      0.16%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::200-203            1      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::208-211            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::total          620                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::samples          620                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.116129                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.092768                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.132312                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.16%      0.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.16%      0.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.16%      0.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::24            606     97.74%     98.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::32             11      1.77%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::total          620                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  844645400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat            1388672600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                102707200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                   26316.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat              43266.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                      12.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       5.66                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                   12.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    5.66                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     8.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                    31.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits                  28073                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                 12484                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate              83.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                 14372367.27                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                  86.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::IDLE  81238877400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::REF    1837935000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT    1490310100                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::0               1926288                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::1          1833753.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::2          1934755.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::3               1950480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::4          1848873.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::5          1851897.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::6               1868832                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::7          1861574.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::0               1299480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::1               1237056                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::2               1305192                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::3               1315800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::4               1247256                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::5               1249296                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::6               1260720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::7               1255824                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::0              7220928                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::1         6969830.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::2         7320268.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::3         7284326.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::4         6884966.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::5         6838041.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::6         6897446.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::7         6805094.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::0        3457105.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::1        3321077.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::2        3440931.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::3        3447152.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::4        3350937.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::5        3334348.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::6        3360890.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::7        3357573.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::0      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::1      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::2      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::3      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::4      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::5      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::6      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::7      3937642377.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::0      1200743340.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::1      1193442215.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::2      1198574786.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::3      1201762719.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::4      1195854710.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::5      1199703277.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::6      1197470318.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::7        1197641592                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::0       54390322800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::1       54396727296                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::2       54392225040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::3       54389428608                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::4       54394611072                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::5       54391235136                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::6       54393193872                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::7       54393043632                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::0         59542612320                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::1        59541173606.400002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::2        59542443352.320000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::3         59542831464                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::4        59541440193.599998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::5        59541854375.040001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::6        59541694457.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::7        59541607667.519997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::0          64.435865                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::1          64.434308                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::2          64.435682                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::3          64.436102                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::4          64.434597                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::5          64.435045                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::6          64.434872                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::7          64.434778                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               39265                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              39265                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 89                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp                89                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             29909                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           373944                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        1147812                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          301710                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           29                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             25117                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            25045                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave      1981810                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      1982274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.membus.pkt_count::total                1982274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave     24083201                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     24084129                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.membus.pkt_size::total                24084129                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     19632500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    645640500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        89000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        44500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    493498500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq    187035373                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq    574600106                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp    150855000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq        14500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     12558500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    413242500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq          216                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp          287                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq           19                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback          683                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           48                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          622                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1289                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq          139                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp          166                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq       887996                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      2437989                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        10000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback      2394952                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       200999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      3967999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      9883500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       893000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      1276500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.failedReq                          1727                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.failedResp                         1743                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.membus.pimReqSuccess                         1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.membus.pimReqFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.pimRespSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.membus.pimRespFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime             8344946                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime           13607989                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.snoops                          1220147                       # Total snoops (count)
timestamp4.system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1615932                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 1615932    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1615932                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              160000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                 232                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy           676437500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded              395786                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy         1209782500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded             366109                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq              39121                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp             39121                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback            29909                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            3805                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        297905                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         301710                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq            25045                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp           25045                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         2694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         2590                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         2480                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         2695                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         2509                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         2521                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         2579                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         2601                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       151751                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port         2590                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         2524                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         2394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         2694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         2586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         2594                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         2587                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total       190389                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         2599                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         2649                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         2488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         2516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         2551                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         2598                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         2671                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         2577                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       151434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port         2646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         2492                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         2630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         2704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         2666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         2545                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         2632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total       190399                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         2517                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         2524                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         2529                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         2631                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         2615                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         2610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         2621                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         2540                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       151573                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port         2588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         2507                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         2573                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         2622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         2758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         2564                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         2648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total       190420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         2562                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         2587                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         2564                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         2677                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         2538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         2620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         2720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         2518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       151630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port         2591                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         2496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         2496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         2669                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         2629                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         2647                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         2510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total       190455                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total                761663                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       391168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       374528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       374016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       386560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       368896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       368128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       369408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       389632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       386816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       372480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       381952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       355840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       375040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       367360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       382464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       375552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total      6019840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       381184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       383488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       374784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       356864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       376064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       372480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       386304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       382464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       363008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       382976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       368128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       387072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       380928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       380928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       368640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       378880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total      6024193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       374016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       366592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       375296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       375296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       378624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       376576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       375552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       378624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       381440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       378624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       370944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       379136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       370944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       391424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       370176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       379136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total      6022400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       375296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       372224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       382976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       378624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       370688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       380672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       386304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       369152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       376832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       378880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       376832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       376064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       370432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       372480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       385024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       364288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total      6016768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total               24083201                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     54758600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    386940700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         2200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    281140200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      5326200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq    417061400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp    422101890                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     35057400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    247753650                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq           27                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback           11                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           14                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           14                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq        43800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback         4400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         2800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        44600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        17600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.failedReq                           68                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.failedResp                           0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime             113200                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime                 0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy           23719600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded               6132                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy           23479200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded               6108                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy           23405400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded               5971                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy           23536200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded               6189                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy           23304600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded               6035                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy           23417200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded               6104                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy           23760600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded               6235                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy           23484800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded               6056                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy          440726600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded             304129                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy           23653200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded               6148                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy          23168800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded              5938                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy          23221000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded              5975                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy          23638200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded              6273                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy          23845200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded              6262                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy          23511600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded              6110                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy          23471600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded              6120                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.occupancy              2200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.succeeded                 1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy         263881918                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded             91442                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy         264154186                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded             91452                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy         264306929                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded             91474                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy         264454707                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded             91509                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
timestamp4.system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp4.system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp4.system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
timestamp4.system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
timestamp4.system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
timestamp4.system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
timestamp4.system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp4.system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp4.system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
timestamp4.system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
timestamp4.system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
timestamp4.system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq        39121                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp        39121                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback        29909                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         3805                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       297905                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       301710                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq        25045                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp        25045                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave       190389                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave       190399                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave       190420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave       190455                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total       761663                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave      6019840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave      6024193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave      6022400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave      6016768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total     24083201                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     31296800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    156484000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq          900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    119636000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      3044000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq    238324000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp    241368000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     20036000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    100180000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp           99                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp          224                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           70                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       271700                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       351000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       145600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.failedResp                   393                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess                  1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime       768300                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy    103173600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded        98947                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy    103138500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded        98947                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy    103067200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded        98946                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy    102958400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded        98946                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy    498032800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded       365877                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2004757                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2004737                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate           20                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq                89                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp               89                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            44908                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          373491                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       1147905                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        1521396                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq         5098                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp         5098                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            34343                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           34343                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        33616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1002273                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side        12709                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        34428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       994775                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side        12623                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        34156                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       994724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side        12662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        33938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       994548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           58                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side        12642                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          814                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          491                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               4174536                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4302848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14628332                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side        21192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4406784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     13747152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side        20808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4371968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     13613540                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side        20932                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4344064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     13718504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          116                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side        20808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       104192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        49177                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               73371309                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1010176739                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   6808351597                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        89499                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        45497                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback   1459789858                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq    186811867                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq    580311424                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp    150744857                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq      2633225                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     17232876                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp   1066111970                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        53672                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp         7021                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq           18                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback         1530                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         7983                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        19854                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp           18                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq          136                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq          704                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp          526                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    737755352                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     90898901                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       104500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback     20347846                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq    109632998                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq    280024385                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       234500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq     27766000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      8630496                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      8674999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.failedReq                        93082                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.failedResp                        7565                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime         1184261577                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime          99808400                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoops                         3001738                       # Total snoops (count)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          3610358                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47               3610358    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            3610358                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3261436988                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded            3610591                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         546370168                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded             16808                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       16117688151                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            19.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded            870096                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy           7432450                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded              7411                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy         559609046                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded             17214                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy       15961361571                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization            18.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded            865343                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer8.occupancy             10000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer8.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                10                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy           7445943                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded              7421                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy        555124223                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded            17078                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy      15987578309                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization           18.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded           866116                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer14.occupancy            17000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer14.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded               17                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer15.occupancy          7457437                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer15.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded             7429                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer18.occupancy        551644605                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer18.utilization            0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded            16969                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy      15978985307                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization           18.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded           865599                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer20.occupancy            29499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer20.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded               29                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer21.occupancy          7467445                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer21.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded             7440                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer25.occupancy           130000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer25.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy           130500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded                5                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer37.occupancy           130500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer37.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded                5                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy         13228997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              407                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy          7534497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              278                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                  nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                  nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                  nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.numCycles                        0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_func_calls                   0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_insts                    0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_load_insts                   0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_store_insts                  0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.idle_fraction                    1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShift              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemRead                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IprAccess              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::total                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         8456                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         8456    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         8456                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.totalReadBytes                  0                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         8456                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         8456    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         8456                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.totalWrittenBytes               0                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::0              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::1              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::2              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::3              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::4              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::5              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::6              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::7              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::8              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::9              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::10             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::11             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::12             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::13             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::14             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::15             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::16             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::17             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::18             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::19             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::mean             nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev            nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::total              0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean           nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::samples              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::mean               nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev              nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::total                0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         8456                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         8456    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         8456                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         8456                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         8456    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         8456                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::samples         8456                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::mean             0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::0             8456    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::total         8456                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         8456                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::0            8456    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::total         8456                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count::total              2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size::total               1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedReq                     0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedResp                    0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespSuccess                1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy         1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy          700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.replacements                     64310                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8052.819737                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.total_refs                      152565                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     64310                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.372337                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3436.529947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     3.574553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.209697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst    90.270024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data  1029.215463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     2.385849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst    73.389889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data  1076.531554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     2.587926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.itb.walker     0.413987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst    87.598197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data  1087.558503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     4.029143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst    46.797805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data  1023.047064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst     0.362277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst     0.256136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.506475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst    65.982101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data    20.573149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.419498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.011019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.125637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.008959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.131413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.itb.walker     0.000051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.010693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.132759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.005713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.124884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.000044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.008054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.002511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.983010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8089                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          269                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          924                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5939                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          933                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.001953                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.987427                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4967255                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4967255                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5267                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst        16358                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        23255                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5175                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst        16514                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        21630                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         5206                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst        16415                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data        20462                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         5171                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst        16393                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data        20798                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          310                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           91                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  173102                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            44908                       # number of Writeback hits
timestamp4.system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 44908                       # number of Writeback hits
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           57                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           37                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           44                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  172                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           30                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 93                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         2076                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         1446                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         1659                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         1942                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  7133                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst         16358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data         25331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst         16514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data         23076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         5206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst         16415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data         22121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         5171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst         16393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data         22740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data             1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data             1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data             1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data           101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::total                   180235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5267                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst        16358                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data        25331                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5175                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           10                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst        16514                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data        23076                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         5206                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker           11                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst        16415                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data        22121                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         5171                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker           29                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst        16393                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data        22740                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          310                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data          101                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::total                  180235                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst          450                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        12915                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst          700                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        13564                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst          663                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data        13760                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst          576                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data        13588                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst           97                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 56457                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          601                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         1047                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          712                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          809                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total               3180                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        74300                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        74571                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data        74601                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data        74433                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           297905                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         6346                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         6438                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         6466                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         6416                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               25670                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst          450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data        19261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst          700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data        20002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst          663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data        20226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst          576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data        20004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst           97                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::total                  82127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst          450                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data        19261                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           27                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst          700                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data        20002                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           27                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst          663                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data        20226                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst          576                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data        20004                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst           97                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data           26                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::total                 82127                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      3422000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     53890000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1213650896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      3008000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     84345500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1264912397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      2785500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.itb.walker       750500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     81261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   1277892894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker      3643999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     69626000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   1264132905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12515500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2793000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5338630091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      7371000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     17222000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     12349000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     12604500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     49546500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1829500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2351000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1960000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1504000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      7644500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    790735500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    801820000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    800834498                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    799453000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       452000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    3193294998                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      3422000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     53890000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   2004386396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      3008000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     84345500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   2066732397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      2785500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.itb.walker       750500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     81261000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   2078727392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker      3643999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     69626000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   2063585905                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12515500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3245000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       8531925089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      3422000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     53890000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   2004386396                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      3008000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     84345500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   2066732397                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      2785500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.itb.walker       750500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     81261000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   2078727392                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker      3643999                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     69626000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   2063585905                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12515500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3245000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      8531925089                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        16808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        36170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        17214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        35194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         5233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst        17078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data        34222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         5202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst        16969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data        34386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              229559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        44908                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             44908                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          658                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1084                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          756                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          841                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total             3352                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        74319                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        74597                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data        74618                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data        74463                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         297998                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         8422                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         7884                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         8125                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         8358                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             32803                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        16808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data        44592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        17214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data        43078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         5233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst        17078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data        42347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         5202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst        16969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data        42744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::total               262362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        16808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data        44592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        17214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data        43078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         5233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst        17078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data        42347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         5202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst        16969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data        42744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data          127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::total              262362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.005851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.026773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.357064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.005190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.040665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.385407                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.005160                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.itb.walker     0.352941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.038822                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.402081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.005959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.033944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.395161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.238329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.194690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.245937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.913374                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.965867                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.941799                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.961950                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.846154                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.948687                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.999744                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.999651                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.999772                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.999597                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.999688                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.753503                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.816591                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.795815                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.767648                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.285714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.782550                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.005851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.026773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.431938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.005190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.040665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.464321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.005160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.itb.walker     0.352941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.038822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.477625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.005959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.033944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.467996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.238329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.204724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.313029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.005851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.026773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.431938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.005190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.040665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.464321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.005160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.itb.walker     0.352941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.038822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.477625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.005959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.033944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.467996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.238329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.204724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.313029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 110387.096774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 119755.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 93972.194812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 111407.407407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 120493.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 93255.116264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 103166.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.itb.walker 125083.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 122565.610860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 92870.123110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 117548.354839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 120878.472222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 93033.036871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 129025.773196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 126954.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94560.994934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 12264.559068                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 16448.901624                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 17344.101124                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 15580.346106                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15580.660377                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    24.623149                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    31.527001                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    26.273106                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    20.206091                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total    25.660865                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 124603.766152                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 124544.889717                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 123853.154655                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 124603.023691                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       113000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124397.935255                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 110387.096774                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 119755.555556                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 104064.503193                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 111407.407407                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 120493.571429                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 103326.287221                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 103166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.itb.walker 125083.333333                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 122565.610860                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 102775.011965                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 117548.354839                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 120878.472222                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 103158.663517                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 129025.773196                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 124807.692308                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103886.968829                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 110387.096774                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 119755.555556                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 104064.503193                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 111407.407407                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 120493.571429                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 103326.287221                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 103166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.itb.walker 125083.333333                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 122565.610860                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 102775.011965                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 117548.354839                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 120878.472222                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 103158.663517                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 129025.773196                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 124807.692308                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103886.968829                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                29909                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.l2.writebacks::total                     29909                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst          167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data         3878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst          247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data         4163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data         4275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst          240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data         4216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              17336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst          167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data         3878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst          247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data         4163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data         4275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst          240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data         4216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               17336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst          167                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data         3878                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst          247                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data         4163                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst          114                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data         4275                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst          240                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data         4216                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              17336                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         9037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         9401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         9485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         9372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           97                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            39121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          601                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1047                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          712                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          809                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          3180                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        74300                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        74571                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        74601                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        74433                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       297905                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         6346                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         6438                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         6466                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         6416                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          25670                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        15383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        15839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        15951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        15788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           97                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             64791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           20                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        15383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          453                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        15839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           16                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          549                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        15951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        15788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           97                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            64791                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      2379500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     32692500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1035382406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      1926500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     52541500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1077072909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      1921000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.itb.walker       684500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     63450000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   1087566410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker      3136999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     38806500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   1073698919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     11448500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2551000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4485259143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     32674999                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     56955499                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     38775000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     43993498                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       632500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    173031496                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   4022064158                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   4036939386                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   4038325889                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   4029358886                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16126688319                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    720929500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    731002000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    729708498                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    728877000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       408000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2910924998                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      2379500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     32692500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1756311906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      1926500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     52541500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1808074909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      1921000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.itb.walker       684500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     63450000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   1817274908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker      3136999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     38806500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   1802575919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     11448500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2959000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7396184141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      2379500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     32692500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1756311906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      1926500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     52541500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1808074909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      1921000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.itb.walker       684500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     63450000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   1817274908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker      3136999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     38806500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   1802575919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     11448500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2959000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7396184141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       809000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       616000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       739000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       700500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        80000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2944500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       390499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       440000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       440000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       460000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        74500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1804999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      1199499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      1056000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data      1179000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data      1160500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       154500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      4749499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.003775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.016837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.249848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.003268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.026316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.267119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.003058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.itb.walker     0.352941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.032147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.277161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.005190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.019801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.272553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.238329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.194690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.170418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.913374                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.965867                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.941799                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.961950                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.846154                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.948687                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.999744                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.999651                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.999772                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.999597                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999688                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.753503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.816591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.795815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.767648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.782550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.003775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.016837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.344972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.003268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.026316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.367682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.003058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.itb.walker     0.352941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.032147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.376674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.005190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.019801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.369362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.238329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.204724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.246953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.003775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.016837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.344972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.003268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.026316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.367682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.003058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.itb.walker     0.352941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.032147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.376674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.005190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.019801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.369362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.238329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.204724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.246953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       118975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 115521.201413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 114571.473498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 113323.529412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 115985.651214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 114570.036060                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 120062.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.itb.walker 114083.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 115573.770492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 114661.719557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 116185.148148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 115495.535714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 114564.545348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 118025.773196                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 115954.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114650.932824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54367.718802                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54398.757402                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54459.269663                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54380.096415                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        57500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54412.420126                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54132.761211                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54135.513618                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54132.329178                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54134.038478                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54133.661130                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 113603.766152                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 113544.889717                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 112853.154655                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 113603.023691                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       102000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113397.935255                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       118975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 115521.201413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 114172.261978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 113323.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 115985.651214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 114153.349896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 120062.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.itb.walker 114083.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 115573.770492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 113928.588051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 116185.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 115495.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 114173.797758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 118025.773196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 113807.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114154.498943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       118975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 115521.201413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 114172.261978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 113323.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 115985.651214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 114153.349896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 120062.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.itb.walker 114083.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 115573.770492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 113928.588051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 116185.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 115495.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 114173.797758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 118025.773196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 113807.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114154.498943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.l2.waiting_on_retry                       1727                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples        16010                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        16010    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total         16010                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         7505                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         7505    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total         7505                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples          8456                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     48423841.059603                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    49877608.113132                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         4630     54.75%     54.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1743     20.61%     75.37% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          723      8.55%     83.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          859     10.16%     94.08% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08          283      3.35%     97.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08          117      1.38%     98.81% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           62      0.73%     99.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08           13      0.15%     99.69% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            4      0.05%     99.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            6      0.07%     99.81% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            2      0.02%     99.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            1      0.01%     99.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            4      0.05%     99.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%     99.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            3      0.04%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            2      0.02%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            1      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total            8456                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        48465277.256823      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                   4098560                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples         8456                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    22687606.433302                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   33518582.436576                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         6768     80.04%     80.04% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          984     11.64%     91.67% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          343      4.06%     95.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          253      2.99%     98.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08           50      0.59%     99.31% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           27      0.32%     99.63% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           17      0.20%     99.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            9      0.11%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            1      0.01%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            1      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total           8456                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       22719044.710335      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                1921280                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples           16010                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       96114.397252                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      95750.328766                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev      10474.500450                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            4      0.02%      0.02% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.02% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            4      0.02%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        15546     97.10%     97.15% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          104      0.65%     97.80% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-131071           93      0.58%     98.38% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-147455           85      0.53%     98.91% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-163839           64      0.40%     99.31% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::163840-180223           54      0.34%     99.65% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            6      0.04%     99.69% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.69% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           50      0.31%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total             16010                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean               nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples               16010                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           5375756.589631                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          13287930.950624                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000               1      0.01%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000               1      0.01%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows             16008     99.99%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value             82000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value        1499272000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                 16010                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples              7505                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         11265873.151233                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        14626410.941995                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             1      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows            7504     99.99%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value           47000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value       167880000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total                7505                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                 23515                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             3596300.616628                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            4217639.781423                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 2      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 1      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 1      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 2      0.01%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 1      0.00%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 2      0.01%      0.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 1      0.00%      0.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000                1      0.00%      0.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows               23504     99.95%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value               47000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value            45265000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                   23515                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples         8456                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.017739                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.132009                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0             8306     98.23%     98.23% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1              150      1.77%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total         8456                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples         8456                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0            8456    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total         8456                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples              8456                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean             1.891556                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            1.949012                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-1                  4641     54.88%     54.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::2-3                  2454     29.02%     83.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::4-5                   861     10.18%     94.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::6-7                   399      4.72%     98.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8-9                    61      0.72%     99.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::10-11                  18      0.21%     99.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::12-13                   8      0.09%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::14-15                   1      0.01%     99.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-17                   3      0.04%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::18-19                   4      0.05%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::20-21                   2      0.02%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::22-23                   2      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::24-25                   1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::26-27                   1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total                8456                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples             8456                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.886235                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           1.309320                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0-1                 6768     80.04%     80.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2-3                 1327     15.69%     95.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4-5                  253      2.99%     98.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6-7                   77      0.91%     99.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8-9                   17      0.20%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10-11                 10      0.12%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12-13                  1      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14-15                  0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16-17                  0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18-19                  2      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::20-21                  0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::22-23                  1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::24-25                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::26-27                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::28-29                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::30-31                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::32-33                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::34-35                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::36-37                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::38-39                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total               8456                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples        16038                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        16038    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total         16038                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         7495                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean    255.965977                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   255.810668                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     2.945468                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             1      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         7494     99.99%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total         7495                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples          8456                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     48523746.452223                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    48929991.518329                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         4570     54.04%     54.04% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1756     20.77%     74.81% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          793      9.38%     84.19% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          851     10.06%     94.25% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08          256      3.03%     97.28% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08          132      1.56%     98.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           69      0.82%     99.66% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            7      0.08%     99.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            3      0.04%     99.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            7      0.08%     99.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.01%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            2      0.02%     99.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            1      0.01%     99.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            2      0.02%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            2      0.02%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            2      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total            8456                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        48550038.516235      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                   4105728                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples         8456                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    22636140.018921                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   33752596.791021                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07         7736     91.49%     91.49% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08          627      7.41%     98.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08           59      0.70%     99.60% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08           27      0.32%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08            3      0.04%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08            1      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08            1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total           8456                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       22685757.469089      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                1918465                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples           16038                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       96006.852475                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      95689.200492                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev       9637.026650                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            3      0.02%      0.02% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.02% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            1      0.01%      0.02% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        15595     97.24%     97.26% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          104      0.65%     97.91% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-131071           80      0.50%     98.41% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-147455           81      0.51%     98.92% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-163839           78      0.49%     99.40% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-180223           62      0.39%     99.79% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            3      0.02%     99.81% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.81% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           30      0.19%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            1      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total             16038                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean               nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples               16038                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           5272896.433471                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          6028528.015390                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000              1      0.01%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows             16037     99.99%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value             99000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value          60331000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                 16038                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples              7495                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         11482673.115410                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        22664936.905492                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             1      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             1      0.01%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             1      0.01%      0.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            1      0.01%      0.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows            7491     99.95%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value           50000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value      1495962000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total                7495                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                 23533                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             3593552.288276                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            4205444.231050                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 2      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 1      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 1      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 1      0.00%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 1      0.00%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000                2      0.01%      0.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows               23524     99.96%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value               50000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value            47343000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                   23533                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples         8456                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.016911                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.128946                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0             8313     98.31%     98.31% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1              143      1.69%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total         8456                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples         8456                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0            8456    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total         8456                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples              8456                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean             1.895459                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            1.911266                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-1                  4569     54.03%     54.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::2-3                  2556     30.23%     84.26% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::4-5                   838      9.91%     94.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::6-7                   397      4.69%     98.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8-9                    66      0.78%     99.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::10-11                  12      0.14%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::12-13                   6      0.07%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::14-15                   3      0.04%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-17                   1      0.01%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::18-19                   2      0.02%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::20-21                   3      0.04%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::22-23                   2      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::24-25                   0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::26-27                   1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total                8456                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples             8456                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.884224                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           1.318461                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0-1                 6796     80.37%     80.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2-3                 1290     15.26%     95.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4-5                  277      3.28%     98.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6-7                   59      0.70%     99.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8-9                   22      0.26%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10-11                  7      0.08%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12-13                  1      0.01%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14-15                  1      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16-17                  1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18-19                  0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::20-21                  0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::22-23                  1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::24-25                  0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::26-27                  0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::28-29                  1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::30-31                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::32-33                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::34-35                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::36-37                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::38-39                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total               8456                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples        16053                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        16053    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total         16053                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         7472                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         7472    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total         7472                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples          8456                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     48557048.249763                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    50177655.384961                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         4641     54.88%     54.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1723     20.38%     75.26% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          688      8.14%     83.40% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          904     10.69%     94.09% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08          269      3.18%     97.27% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08          133      1.57%     98.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           69      0.82%     99.66% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            4      0.05%     99.70% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            7      0.08%     99.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            3      0.04%     99.82% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            3      0.04%     99.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            1      0.01%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            2      0.02%     99.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            2      0.02%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            2      0.02%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            2      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            2      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total            8456                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        48595446.333778      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                   4109568                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples         8456                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    22587701.040681                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   33448397.250703                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         6800     80.42%     80.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          942     11.14%     91.56% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          350      4.14%     95.70% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          269      3.18%     98.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08           43      0.51%     99.39% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           17      0.20%     99.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           20      0.24%     99.82% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            2      0.02%     99.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            6      0.07%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            3      0.04%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total           8456                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       22619147.511741      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                1912832                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples           16053                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       96053.005669                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      95717.535839                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev      10081.037604                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            2      0.01%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        15616     97.28%     97.29% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          104      0.65%     97.94% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-131071           77      0.48%     98.42% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-147455           80      0.50%     98.92% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-163839           64      0.40%     99.31% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::163840-180223           65      0.40%     99.72% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            2      0.01%     99.73% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.73% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           42      0.26%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            1      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total             16053                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean               nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples               16053                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           5362771.942939                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          13464294.646287                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows             16053    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value            117000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value        1522098000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                 16053                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples              7472                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         11316523.153105                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        14769968.188529                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             1      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows            7471     99.99%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value           66000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value       151582000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total                7472                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                 23525                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             3594756.726886                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            4222560.379790                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 2      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 1      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 1      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 2      0.01%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows               23518     99.97%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value               50000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value            39469000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                   23525                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples         8456                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.019158                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.137088                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0             8294     98.08%     98.08% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1              162      1.92%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total         8456                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples         8456                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0            8456    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total         8456                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples              8456                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean             1.896760                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            1.963019                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-1                  4641     54.88%     54.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::2-3                  2406     28.45%     83.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::4-5                   906     10.71%     94.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::6-7                   404      4.78%     98.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8-9                    70      0.83%     99.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::10-11                  10      0.12%     99.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::12-13                   4      0.05%     99.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::14-15                   5      0.06%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-17                   1      0.01%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::18-19                   2      0.02%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::20-21                   1      0.01%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::22-23                   3      0.04%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::24-25                   3      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total                8456                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples             8456                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.882332                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           1.306578                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0-1                 6800     80.42%     80.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2-3                 1292     15.28%     95.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4-5                  269      3.18%     98.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6-7                   60      0.71%     99.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8-9                   20      0.24%     99.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10-11                  8      0.09%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12-13                  3      0.04%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14-15                  1      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16-17                  1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18-19                  1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::20-21                  1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::22-23                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::24-25                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::26-27                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::28-29                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::30-31                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::32-33                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::34-35                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::36-37                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::38-39                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total               8456                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples        16065                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        16065    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total         16065                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         7438                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         7438    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total         7438                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples          8456                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     48602459.791864                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    49914413.264585                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07         6333     74.89%     74.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08         1625     19.22%     94.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08          407      4.81%     98.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08           59      0.70%     99.62% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08           14      0.17%     99.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08            7      0.08%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08            5      0.06%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08            3      0.04%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08            1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            2      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total            8456                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        48631772.587811      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                   4112640                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples         8456                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    22475685.903500                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   33427686.129952                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         6801     80.43%     80.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          958     11.33%     91.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          350      4.14%     95.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          260      3.07%     98.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08           34      0.40%     99.37% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           24      0.28%     99.66% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           16      0.19%     99.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            4      0.05%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            3      0.04%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            3      0.04%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total           8456                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       22516223.125312      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                1904128                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples           16065                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       95990.992842                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      95661.322295                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev       9828.726138                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            7      0.04%      0.04% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.04% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      0.04% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        15619     97.22%     97.27% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          115      0.72%     97.98% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-131071           78      0.49%     98.47% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-147455           74      0.46%     98.93% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-163839           75      0.47%     99.40% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::163840-180223           57      0.35%     99.75% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            1      0.01%     99.76% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.76% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           38      0.24%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            1      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total             16065                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples              1                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean             11300                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11300.000000                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total                1                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples               16065                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           5263534.204793                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          6092496.348454                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000               1      0.01%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000               1      0.01%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000               1      0.01%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows             16062     99.98%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value             67000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value          75468000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                 16065                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples              7438                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         11369547.727884                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        14626399.493102                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows            7438    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value          130000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value       159182000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total                7438                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                 23503                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             3598123.473599                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            4232714.610098                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 1      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 2      0.01%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 3      0.01%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 1      0.00%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 2      0.01%      0.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 1      0.00%      0.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000                1      0.00%      0.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows               23491     99.95%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value               39000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value            45528000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                   23503                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples         8456                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.017621                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.131576                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0             8307     98.24%     98.24% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1              149      1.76%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total         8456                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples         8456                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0            8456    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total         8456                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples              8456                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean             1.898534                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            1.946078                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-1                  4556     53.88%     53.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::2-3                  2553     30.19%     84.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::4-5                   847     10.02%     94.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::6-7                   406      4.80%     98.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8-9                    54      0.64%     99.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::10-11                  12      0.14%     99.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::12-13                  10      0.12%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::14-15                   7      0.08%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-17                   3      0.04%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::18-19                   4      0.05%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::20-21                   1      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::22-23                   1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::24-25                   0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::26-27                   2      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total                8456                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples             8456                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.877956                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           1.305769                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0-1                 6801     80.43%     80.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2-3                 1308     15.47%     95.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4-5                  260      3.07%     98.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6-7                   58      0.69%     99.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8-9                   16      0.19%     99.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10-11                  7      0.08%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12-13                  3      0.04%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14-15                  0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16-17                  0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18-19                  1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::20-21                  0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::22-23                  0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::24-25                  1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::26-27                  1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::28-29                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::30-31                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::32-33                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::34-35                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::36-37                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::38-39                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total               8456                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples        64267                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean             256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15               0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        64267    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total          64267                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        29910                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean     255.991474                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.952543                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev      1.474457                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15              1      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        29909    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         29910                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples           8456                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      194107095.553453                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean     152623720.024222                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     170267196.944462                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08         5277     62.41%     62.41% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08         1453     17.18%     79.59% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08          389      4.60%     84.19% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08          971     11.48%     95.67% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08          295      3.49%     99.16% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08           23      0.27%     99.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08           22      0.26%     99.69% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            3      0.04%     99.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            6      0.07%     99.80% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            2      0.02%     99.82% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            2      0.02%     99.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            1      0.01%     99.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            3      0.04%     99.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            3      0.04%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            1      0.01%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            1      0.01%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            1      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            2      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total             8456                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         194242534.694647      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                   16426496                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples          8456                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     90387133.396405                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    109850583.559988                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08         7124     84.25%     84.25% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08          792      9.37%     93.61% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08          335      3.96%     97.58% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08          143      1.69%     99.27% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08           36      0.43%     99.69% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            6      0.07%     99.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08           10      0.12%     99.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            4      0.05%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            2      0.02%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            1      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total            8456                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        90540172.816478      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                 7656705                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples            64166                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        104706.963189                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       104383.201354                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev       10107.371074                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-16383                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           13      0.02%      0.02% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            1      0.00%      0.02% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            7      0.01%      0.03% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            0      0.00%      0.03% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687        62419     97.28%     97.31% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          554      0.86%     98.17% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          300      0.47%     98.64% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          295      0.46%     99.10% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          275      0.43%     99.53% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607          130      0.20%     99.73% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            9      0.01%     99.75% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            1      0.00%     99.75% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759          159      0.25%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total              64166                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples               1                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean              20500                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev               nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total                 1                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples                64267                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            1315867.957116                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           1481326.006272                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                   202      0.31%      0.31% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000               100      0.16%      0.47% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000              116      0.18%      0.65% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000              162      0.25%      0.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000              114      0.18%      1.08% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000              134      0.21%      1.29% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000              159      0.25%      1.54% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000              118      0.18%      1.72% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000              145      0.23%      1.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000              155      0.24%      2.19% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000              185      0.29%      2.47% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000              112      0.17%      2.65% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000              132      0.21%      2.85% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000              112      0.17%      3.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000              650      1.01%      4.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000              127      0.20%      4.24% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000              129      0.20%      4.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000              166      0.26%      4.70% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000              130      0.20%      4.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000             109      0.17%      5.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows              61010     94.93%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value           10114500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                  64267                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples              29910                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          2827380.006687                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         4099798.755892                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            649      2.17%      2.17% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             30      0.10%      2.27% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             57      0.19%      2.46% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             65      0.22%      2.68% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             36      0.12%      2.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             67      0.22%      3.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             73      0.24%      3.27% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             42      0.14%      3.41% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             44      0.15%      3.55% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             31      0.10%      3.66% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             37      0.12%      3.78% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            140      0.47%      4.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             38      0.13%      4.38% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             43      0.14%      4.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             60      0.20%      4.72% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             36      0.12%      4.84% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            38      0.13%      4.97% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            28424     95.03%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            16500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value         62035000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                29910                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                  94177                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              897957.420602                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             1317483.617682                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                     285      0.30%      0.30% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000                 180      0.19%      0.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000                185      0.20%      0.69% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000               1135      1.21%      1.90% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000                274      0.29%      2.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000                341      0.36%      2.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000                395      0.42%      2.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000                286      0.30%      3.27% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000                569      0.60%      3.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000                434      0.46%      4.34% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000                410      0.44%      4.77% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000                315      0.33%      5.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000                361      0.38%      5.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000                335      0.36%      5.85% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000                910      0.97%      6.81% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000                300      0.32%      7.13% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000                328      0.35%      7.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000                328      0.35%      7.83% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000                380      0.40%      8.23% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000               271      0.29%      8.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows                86155     91.48%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value              9989500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                    94177                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         8456                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.077460                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.276042                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0              7821     92.49%     92.49% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1               615      7.27%     99.76% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2                20      0.24%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total          8456                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         8456                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0             8456    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total         8456                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples               8456                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean              7.594253                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean             5.967885                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev             6.667475                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-7                   6473     76.55%     76.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::8-15                   636      7.52%     84.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::16-23                 1254     14.83%     98.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::24-31                   44      0.52%     99.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-39                   25      0.30%     99.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::40-47                    6      0.07%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::48-55                    4      0.05%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::56-63                    3      0.04%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-71                    4      0.05%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::72-79                    1      0.01%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::80-87                    3      0.04%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::88-95                    2      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::96-103                   1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::104-111                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::112-119                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::120-127                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-135                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::136-143                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::144-151                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::152-159                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                 8456                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples              8456                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             3.530747                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            4.291038                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-7                  7559     89.39%     89.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8-15                  692      8.18%     97.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-23                 165      1.95%     99.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::24-31                  20      0.24%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-39                  13      0.15%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::40-47                   3      0.04%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::48-55                   1      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::56-63                   0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::64-71                   1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::72-79                   0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::80-87                   1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::88-95                   0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::96-103                  1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::104-111                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::112-119                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::120-127                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::128-135                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total                8456                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    10155695                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      2961                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    7299304                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      778                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                10158656                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                7300082                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         17454999                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.misses                           3739                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     17458738                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    44163773                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                44163773                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.hits                         44163773                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     44163773                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.numCycles                       169020565                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp4.system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp4.system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.committedInsts                   39830962                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.committedOps                     44120505                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             37438647                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1030749                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      4632493                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    37438647                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           67621553                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          24889321                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           164224592                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           24297702                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     17659114                       # number of memory refs
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   10158082                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   7501032                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              182002.052546                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              168838562.947454                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.998923                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.001077                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.Branches                          6294792                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 26669222     60.16%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     575      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                36      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                10158082     22.92%     83.08% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                7501032     16.92%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::total                  44328947                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      59                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            16808                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           45512901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            16808                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          2707.811816                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         88344354                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        88344354                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst     44146965                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       44146965                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst     44146965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        44146965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst     44146965                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       44146965                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst        16808                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        16808                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst        16808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         16808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst        16808                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        16808                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    300425668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    300425668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    300425668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    300425668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    300425668                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    300425668                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     44163773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     44163773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     44163773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     44163773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     44163773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     44163773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 17873.968824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17873.968824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 17873.968824                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17873.968824                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 17873.968824                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17873.968824                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        16808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        16808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        16808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        16808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    266589332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    266589332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    266589332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    266589332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    266589332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    266589332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 15860.859829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15860.859829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 15860.859829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15860.859829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 15860.859829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15860.859829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry              1070                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            46740                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          221.801801                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           26002197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            46740                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           556.315725                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   221.801801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.866413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.866413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.816406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         35302543                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        35302543                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      9203886                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9203886                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      6646296                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6646296                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         3487                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         3487                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data       467650                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       467650                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data       209529                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       209529                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data     15850182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        15850182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data     15853669                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       15853669                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       383076                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       383076                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       102246                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       102246                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         1205                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1205                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        96351                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        96351                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       292719                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       292719                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data       485322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        485322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data       486527                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       486527                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   5357089531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5357089531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1462128413                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1462128413                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   4292172840                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   4292172840                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   7923121352                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total   7923121352                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     44555494                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total     44555494                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   6819217944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   6819217944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   6819217944                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   6819217944                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      9586962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9586962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      6748542                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6748542                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         4692                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         4692                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data       564001                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       564001                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data       502248                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       502248                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data     16335504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16335504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data     16340196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16340196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.039958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.039958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.015151                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015151                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.256820                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.256820                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.170835                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.170835                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.582818                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.582818                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.029710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.029775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 13984.403959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13984.403959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 14300.103799                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14300.103799                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 44547.257839                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44547.257839                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 27067.328571                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27067.328571                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 14050.914535                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14050.914535                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 14016.114098                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14016.114098                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12549                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            12549                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data         1193                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1193                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       383076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       383076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       102245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       102245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1205                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1205                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        95158                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        95158                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       288353                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total       288353                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       485321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       485321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       486526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       486526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   4575319425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4575319425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1254967587                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1254967587                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      8608010                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8608010                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   4084930650                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4084930650                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   7348309648                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7348309648                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     42017506                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42017506                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   5830287012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5830287012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   5838895022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5838895022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      1346999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1346999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       666501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       666501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      2013500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2013500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.039958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.015151                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015151                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.256820                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256820                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.168720                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168720                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.574125                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.574125                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.029710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.029775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 11943.633705                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11943.633705                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 12274.121835                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12274.121835                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  7143.576763                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7143.576763                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 42927.874167                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42927.874167                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 25483.728791                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25483.728791                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 12013.259290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12013.259290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 12001.198337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12001.198337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry             22441                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    10169361                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      2958                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    7307944                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      783                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                10172319                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                7308727                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         17477305                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.misses                           3741                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     17481046                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    44224353                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         5                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                44224358                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.hits                         44224353                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.misses                              5                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     44224358                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.numCycles                       169133871                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp4.system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp4.system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.committedInsts                   39890493                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.committedOps                     44189319                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             37490818                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    1031604                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      4650655                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    37490818                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           67708489                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          24913038                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           164477741                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           24347932                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     17682915                       # number of memory refs
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   10171860                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   7511055                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles               9778.021942                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              169124092.978058                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.999942                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.000058                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.Branches                          6313251                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 26715955     60.17%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     391      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                30      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                10171860     22.91%     83.08% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                7511055     16.92%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::total                  44399292                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      21                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements            17214                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           45661941                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs            17214                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          2652.604915                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         88465920                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        88465920                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst     44207139                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       44207139                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst     44207139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        44207139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst     44207139                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       44207139                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst        17214                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        17214                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst        17214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total         17214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst        17214                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total        17214                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    327905546                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    327905546                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    327905546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    327905546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    327905546                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    327905546                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     44224353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     44224353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     44224353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     44224353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     44224353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     44224353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 19048.771117                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19048.771117                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 19048.771117                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19048.771117                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 19048.771117                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19048.771117                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        17214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        17214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        17214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        17214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    293169454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    293169454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    293169454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    293169454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    293169454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    293169454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000389                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000389                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000389                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000389                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17030.873359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17030.873359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17030.873359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17030.873359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17030.873359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17030.873359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry               745                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements            43774                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          219.463631                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            6502581                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            43774                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           148.548933                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   219.463631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.857280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.857280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.855469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         35342220                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        35342220                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      9219898                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9219898                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      6654783                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6654783                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         3838                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         3838                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data       469443                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       469443                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data       209953                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       209953                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data     15874681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        15874681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data     15878519                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       15878519                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       380274                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       380274                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       101986                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       101986                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          930                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          930                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        94948                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        94948                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       292629                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       292629                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data       482260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        482260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data       483190                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       483190                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   5353078809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5353078809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1490740505                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1490740505                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   4278811847                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   4278811847                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   7910157890                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total   7910157890                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     44152495                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total     44152495                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   6843819314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   6843819314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   6843819314                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   6843819314                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      9600172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9600172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      6756769                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6756769                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         4768                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         4768                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data       564391                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       564391                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data       502582                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       502582                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data     16356941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16356941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data     16361709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16361709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.039611                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.039611                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.015094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.195050                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.195050                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.168231                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.168231                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.582251                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.582251                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.029484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.029532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 14076.899312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14076.899312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 14617.109260                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14617.109260                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 45064.791749                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45064.791749                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 27031.353318                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27031.353318                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 14191.140285                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14191.140285                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 14163.826474                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14163.826474                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10622                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            10622                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data          918                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          918                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       380274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       380274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       101986                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       101986                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          930                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          930                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        94030                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        94030                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       288071                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total       288071                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       482260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       482260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       483190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       483190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   4577162141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4577162141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1284289495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1284289495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     10746505                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10746505                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   4072620148                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4072620148                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   7335905110                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7335905110                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     41655505                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41655505                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   5861451636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5861451636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   5872198141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5872198141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      1010498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1010498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       728500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       728500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      1738998                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1738998                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.039611                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039611                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.015094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.195050                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.195050                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.166604                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166604                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.573182                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.573182                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.029484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.029532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 12036.484590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12036.484590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 12592.801904                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12592.801904                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 11555.381720                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11555.381720                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 43311.923301                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43311.923301                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 25465.614762                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25465.614762                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 12154.131871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12154.131871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 12152.979451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12152.979451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry             22220                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                    10159957                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                      2967                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    7302479                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                      786                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                10162924                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                7303265                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.hits                         17462436                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.misses                           3753                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                     17466189                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                    44190541                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         9                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                44190550                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.hits                         44190541                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.misses                              9                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.accesses                     44190550                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.numCycles                       169038843                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp4.system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp4.system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.committedInsts                   39853855                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.committedOps                     44145363                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             37457103                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    1031061                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      4638494                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    37457103                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           67655773                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          24898029                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           164316838                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           24315225                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     17667249                       # number of memory refs
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   10162321                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   7504928                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              129468.270489                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              168909374.729511                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.999234                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.000766                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.Branches                          6300646                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 26686771     60.17%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                     415      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                24      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                10162321     22.91%     83.08% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                7504928     16.92%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::total                  44354460                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      50                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            17078                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           45468616                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            17078                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          2662.408713                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         88398160                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        88398160                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst     44173463                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       44173463                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst     44173463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        44173463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst     44173463                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       44173463                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst        17078                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        17078                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst        17078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         17078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst        17078                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        17078                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    321698223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    321698223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    321698223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    321698223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    321698223                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    321698223                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     44190541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     44190541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     44190541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     44190541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     44190541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     44190541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 18836.996311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18836.996311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 18836.996311                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18836.996311                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 18836.996311                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18836.996311                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        17078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        17078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        17078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        17078                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17078                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    287363777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    287363777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    287363777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    287363777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    287363777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    287363777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 16826.547429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16826.547429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 16826.547429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16826.547429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 16826.547429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16826.547429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry               687                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            43812                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          221.440330                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           17106999                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            43812                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           390.463777                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   221.440330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.865001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.865001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.878906                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         35312363                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        35312363                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      9209452                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9209452                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      6648839                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6648839                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         3837                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         3837                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data       469972                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       469972                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data       209561                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       209561                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data     15858291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        15858291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data     15862128                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       15862128                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data       380275                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       380275                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data       101908                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       101908                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          894                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          894                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu2.data        95492                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        95492                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu2.data       293118                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       293118                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data       482183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        482183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data       483077                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       483077                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   5342625261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5342625261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   1471607395                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1471607395                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   4303606212                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   4303606212                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   7912970921                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total   7912970921                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     47293996                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total     47293996                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   6814232656                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   6814232656                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   6814232656                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   6814232656                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data      9589727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9589727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data      6750747                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6750747                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         4731                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         4731                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data       565464                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       565464                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data       502679                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       502679                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data     16340474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16340474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data     16345205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16345205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.039654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.039654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.015096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.188966                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.188966                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.168874                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.168874                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.583112                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.583112                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.029509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.029555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 14049.372851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14049.372851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 14440.548289                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14440.548289                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 45067.714699                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45067.714699                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 26995.854642                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26995.854642                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 14132.046663                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14132.046663                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 14105.893379                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14105.893379                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10830                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            10830                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data          877                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          877                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data       380275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       380275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data       101908                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       101908                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          894                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          894                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        94615                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        94615                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data       288367                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total       288367                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data       482183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       482183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data       483077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       483077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   4566672691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4566672691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   1265195605                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1265195605                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      6726007                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6726007                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   4100206281                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4100206281                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   7338287079                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7338287079                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     44672004                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44672004                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   5831868296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5831868296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   5838594303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5838594303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data      1221997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1221997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       712500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       712500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data      1934497                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1934497                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.039654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.015096                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015096                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.188966                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.188966                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.167323                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167323                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.573660                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.573660                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.029509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.029555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 12008.869084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12008.869084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 12415.076392                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12415.076392                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  7523.497763                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7523.497763                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 43335.689700                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43335.689700                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 25447.735278                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25447.735278                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 12094.719839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12094.719839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 12086.260168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12086.260168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry             22306                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                    10171645                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                      2971                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                    7310979                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                      785                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                10174616                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                7311764                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.hits                         17482624                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.misses                           3756                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                     17486380                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                    44230167                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                        15                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                44230182                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.hits                         44230167                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.misses                             15                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.accesses                     44230182                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.numCycles                       169133871                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp4.system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp4.system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.committedInsts                   39895593                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.committedOps                     44194123                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             37497414                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_func_calls                    1031934                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      4649190                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    37497414                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           67725729                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          24916678                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           164502034                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           24342465                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                     17689031                       # number of memory refs
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   10174093                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   7514938                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              43979.039739                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              169089891.960261                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.999740                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.000260                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.Branches                          6312534                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 26715353     60.16%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                     408      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                30      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                10174093     22.91%     83.08% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                7514938     16.92%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::total                  44404823                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      42                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements            16969                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           45440857                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs            16969                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          2677.874772                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         88477303                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        88477303                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst     44213198                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       44213198                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst     44213198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        44213198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst     44213198                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       44213198                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst        16969                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        16969                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst        16969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total         16969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst        16969                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total        16969                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    309229104                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    309229104                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    309229104                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    309229104                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    309229104                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    309229104                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     44230167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     44230167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     44230167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     44230167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     44230167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     44230167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 18223.177795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18223.177795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 18223.177795                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18223.177795                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 18223.177795                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18223.177795                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst        16969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst        16969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        16969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst        16969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    274986894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    274986894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    274986894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    274986894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    274986894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    274986894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 16205.250398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16205.250398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 16205.250398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16205.250398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 16205.250398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16205.250398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry               643                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            44500                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          220.419943                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           11952163                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            44500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           268.587933                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   220.419943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.861015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.861015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         35353216                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        35353216                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      9222072                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9222072                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      6657914                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6657914                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         3983                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         3983                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data       469163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       469163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data       209791                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       209791                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data     15879986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        15879986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data     15883969                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       15883969                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data       380248                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       380248                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data       101646                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       101646                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          724                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          724                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu3.data        95420                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        95420                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu3.data       292948                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       292948                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data       481894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        481894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data       482618                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       482618                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   5351170581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5351170581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   1471689744                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1471689744                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   4294413040                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   4294413040                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   7920175432                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total   7920175432                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     47006492                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total     47006492                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   6822860325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   6822860325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   6822860325                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   6822860325                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data      9602320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9602320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data      6759560                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6759560                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         4707                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         4707                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data       564583                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       564583                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data       502739                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       502739                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data     16361880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16361880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data     16366587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16366587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.039600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.039600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.015037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.153813                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.153813                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.169010                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.169010                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.582704                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.582704                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.029452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.029488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 14072.843463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14072.843463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 14478.580013                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14478.580013                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 45005.376651                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45005.376651                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 27036.113686                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27036.113686                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 14158.425556                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14158.425556                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 14137.185776                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14137.185776                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10843                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total            10843                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data          696                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          696                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data       380248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       380248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data       101646                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       101646                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          724                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          724                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        94724                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        94724                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data       288199                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total       288199                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data       481894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       481894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data       482618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       482618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   4575042379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4575042379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   1266154256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1266154256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      5263506                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5263506                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   4092380454                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4092380454                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   7345771568                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7345771568                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     44444508                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44444508                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   5841196635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5841196635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   5846460141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5846460141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data      1145500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1145500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       742002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       742002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data      1887502                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1887502                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.039600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.015037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.153813                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.153813                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.167777                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167777                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.573258                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.573258                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.029452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.029488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 12031.732919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12031.732919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 12456.508431                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12456.508431                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  7270.035912                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7270.035912                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 43203.205671                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43203.205671                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 25488.539405                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25488.539405                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 12121.330905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12121.330905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 12114.053228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12114.053228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry             22325                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                          65                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                         63                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                      65                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                     63                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.hits                              128                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                          128                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                         287                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                     287                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.hits                              287                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.accesses                          287                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.numCycles                       260015949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp4.system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp4.system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.committedInsts                        281                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.committedOps                          371                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                  342                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_func_calls                         32                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts           25                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_int_insts                         342                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                574                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes               248                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads                1343                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes                 87                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                          134                       # number of memory refs
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_load_insts                         68                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_store_insts                        66                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              260014434.721951                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles               1514.278049                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.000006                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.999994                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.Branches                               58                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                      245     64.64%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                      68     17.94%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                     66     17.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::total                       379                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses              574                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses             574                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            287                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total             287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst          287                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total            287                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          179.038858                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   179.038858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.699371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.699371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.699219                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              260                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses             260                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           58                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             58                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           60                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            60                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data          118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total             118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data          120                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total            120                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total             4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total            4                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        29000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        29000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        35000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total        35000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        64000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total        64000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        64000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total        64000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.049180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.032787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.032258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  9666.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9666.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        35000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        35000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        16000                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        16000                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        16000                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        16000                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        23000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        23000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        33000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        56000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        56000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        56000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        56000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.049180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.032787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.032258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  7666.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7666.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        33000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        14000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        14000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        14000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        14000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 2                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                          65                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                         63                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                      65                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                     63                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.hits                              128                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                          128                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                         287                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                     287                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.hits                              287                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.accesses                          287                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.numCycles                       260015938                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp4.system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp4.system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.committedInsts                        281                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.committedOps                          371                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                  342                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_func_calls                         32                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts           25                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_int_insts                         342                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                574                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes               248                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads                1343                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes                 87                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                          134                       # number of memory refs
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_load_insts                         68                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_store_insts                        66                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              260014471.379494                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles               1466.620505                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.000006                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.999994                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.Branches                               58                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                      245     64.64%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                      68     17.94%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                     66     17.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::total                       379                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses              574                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses             574                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            287                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total             287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst          287                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total            287                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          174.023162                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   174.023162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.679778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.679778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.679688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              260                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses             260                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           57                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             57                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           60                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            60                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total             117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data          119                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total            119                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        45500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        45500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        21500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total        21500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        67000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total        67000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        67000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total        67000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.065574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.065574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.040984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.040984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.040323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.040323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        11375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        11375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        21500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        21500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        13400                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        13400                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        13400                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        13400                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        37500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        37500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        19500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        57000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        57000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        57000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        57000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.065574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.040984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.040323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data         9375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        19500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        11400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        11400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 1                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                          65                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                         63                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                      65                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                     63                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.hits                              128                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                          128                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                         287                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                     287                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.hits                              287                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.accesses                          287                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.numCycles                       260015937                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp4.system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp4.system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.committedInsts                        281                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.committedOps                          371                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                  342                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_func_calls                         32                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts           25                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_int_insts                         342                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                574                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes               248                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads                1343                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes                 87                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                          134                       # number of memory refs
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_load_insts                         68                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_store_insts                        66                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              260014502.663599                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles               1434.336401                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.000006                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.999994                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.Branches                               58                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                      245     64.64%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                      68     17.94%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                     66     17.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::total                       379                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses              574                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses             574                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            287                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total             287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total            287                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          178.023558                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   178.023558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.695405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.695405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.695312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              260                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses             260                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           57                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             57                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           60                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            60                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total             117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data          119                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total            119                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data            5                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        35000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        35000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        21500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total        21500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        56500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total        56500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        56500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total        56500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.065574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.065574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.040984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.040984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.040323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.040323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data         8750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total         8750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        21500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        21500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        11300                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        11300                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        11300                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        11300                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        27000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        19500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        46500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        46500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        46500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        46500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.065574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.040984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.040323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data         6750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         6750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        19500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data         9300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data         9300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        4127                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         2                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       3602                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    4129                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   3602                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.hits                             7729                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                         7731                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                       18851                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                   18851                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.hits                            18851                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.accesses                        18851                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.numCycles                       169134202                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp4.system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp4.system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.committedInsts                      18484                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.committedOps                        22118                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                20422                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_func_calls                       1324                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         2161                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       20422                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              36570                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes             13884                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads               81281                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes               8039                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                         8434                       # number of memory refs
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       4285                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      4149                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              169006203.748262                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              127998.251738                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.000757                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.999243                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.Branches                             3555                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                    14369     62.76%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      81      0.35%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                10      0.04%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    4285     18.72%     81.88% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   4149     18.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::total                     22894                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              407                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs            1253892                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              407                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs          3080.815725                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            38109                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           38109                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst        18444                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          18444                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst        18444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total           18444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst        18444                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total          18444                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          407                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          407                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          407                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          407                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     17940497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17940497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     17940497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17940497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     17940497                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17940497                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        18851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        18851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        18851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        18851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        18851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        18851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.021590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.021590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.021590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 44079.845209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44079.845209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 44079.845209                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44079.845209                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 44079.845209                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44079.845209                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     17123503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17123503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     17123503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17123503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     17123503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17123503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.021590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.021590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.021590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 42072.488943                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42072.488943                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 42072.488943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42072.488943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 42072.488943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42072.488943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                43                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              144                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          208.565427                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs               5815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              144                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            40.381944                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   208.565427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.814709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.814709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          218                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.851562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            15675                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses           15675                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         3788                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           3788                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         3467                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          3467                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           40                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           40                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           73                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           73                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data         7255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total            7255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data         7295                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total           7295                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          194                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          194                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           46                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           46                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           13                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           13                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          253                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          253                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      5198997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5198997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1610500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1610500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       414000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       414000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       265000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       265000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6809497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      6809497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6809497                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      6809497                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3513                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         3513                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           53                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           53                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data         7495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total         7495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data         7548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.048719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.245283                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.245283                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.193182                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.193182                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.151163                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.151163                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.032021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.033519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 26798.953608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26798.953608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 35010.869565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35010.869565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 24352.941176                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24352.941176                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 20384.615385                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20384.615385                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 28372.904167                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28372.904167                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 26915.007905                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26915.007905                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           65                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               65                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4808003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4808003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1518500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1518500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       273000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       273000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       133000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       133000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       239000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       239000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6326503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6326503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6599503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6599503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       128000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       128000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       109000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       109000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       237000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       237000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.048719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.245283                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.245283                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.056818                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056818                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.151163                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151163                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.032021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.033519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 24783.520619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24783.520619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 33010.869565                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33010.869565                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        21000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        21000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        26600                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        26600                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 18384.615385                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18384.615385                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 26360.429167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26360.429167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 26084.992095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26084.992095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                37                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.offload_task 84566936000 # Number of ticks simulated [timestamp4_sim_ticks]
